2006-2012英语四级真题
目录
2012年6月英语四级	- 1 -
2011年12月全国大学英语四级考试试题	- 24 -
2011年12月英语四级真题答案	47
2011年12月英语四级真题答案解析	48
2011年6月大学英语四级真题	54
2010年12月大学英语四级真题	79
2010年6月英语四级考试真题	89
2009年12月大学英语四级考试真题及答案	99
2009年6月英语四级考试答案解析	132
2008年12月大学英语四级考试真题	140
2008年6月	148
2007年12月四级考试真题	75


2012年6月英语四级
Part Ⅰ                  Writing           (30minutes)
　　Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write a short essay entitled Excessive Packaging following the outline given below. You should write at least 120 words but no more than 180 words.
　　1.目前许多商品存在过度包装的现象
　　2.出现这一现象的原因
　　3.我对这一现象的看法和建议
　　On Excessive Packaging

Part Ⅱ Reading Comprehension(Skimming and Scanning)(15minutes)
　　Directions: In this part, you will have 15 minutes to go over the passage quickly and answer the questions on Answer sheet 1. For questions 1-7,choose the best answer from the four choices marked A)，B)，C）and D). For questions 8-10,complete the sentences with the information given in the passage.
　　Small Schools Rising
　　This year's list of the top 100 high schools shows that today, those with fewer students are flourishing.
　　Fifty years ago, they were the latest thing in educational reform: big, modern, suburban high schools with students counted in the thousands. As baby boomers(二战后婴儿潮时期出生的人) came of high-school age, big schools promised economic efficiency. A greater choice of courses, and, of course, better football teams. Only years later did we understand the trade-offs this involved: the creation of excessive bureaucracies(官僚机构)，the difficulty of forging personal connections between teachers and students.SAT scores began dropping in 1963;today,on average,30% of students do not complete high school in four years, a figure that rises to 50% in poor urban neighborhoods. While the emphasis on teaching to higher, test-driven standards as set in No Child Left Behind resulted in significantly better performance in elementary(and some middle)schools, high schools for a variety of reasons seemed to have made little progress.
　　Size isn't everything, but it does matter, and the past decade has seen a noticeable countertrend toward smaller schools. This has been due ,in part ,to the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, which has invested $1.8 billion in American high schools, helping to open about 1,000 small schools-most of them with about 400 kids each with an average enrollment of only 150 per grade, About 500 more are on the drawing board. Districts all over the country are taking notice, along with mayors in cities like New York, Chicago and San Diego. The movement includes independent public charter schools, such as No.1 BASIS in Tucson, with only 120 high-schoolers and 18 graduates this year. It embraces district-sanctioned magnet schools, such as the Talented and Gifted School, with 198 students, and the Science and Engineering Magnet,with383,which share a building in Dallas, as well as the City Honors School in Buffalo, N.Y., which grew out of volunteer  evening seminars for students. And it includes alternative schools with students selected by lottery(抽签)，such as H-B Woodlawn in Arlington, Va. And most noticeable of all, there is the phenomenon of large urban and suburban high schools that have split up into smaller units of a few hundred, generally housed in the same grounds that once boasted thousands of students all marching to the same band.
　　Hillsdale High School in San Mateo, Calif, is one of those, ranking No.423-among the top 2% in the country-on Newsweek's annual ranking of America's top high schools. The success of small schools is apparent in the listings. Ten years ago, when the first Newsweek list based on college-level test participation was published, only three of the top 100 schools had graduating Classes smaller than 100 students. This year there are 22. Nearly 250 schools on the full ,Newsweek list of the top 5% of schools nationally had fewer than 200 graduates in 2007.
　　Although many of Hillsdale's students came from wealthy households, by the late 1990 average test scores were sliding and it had earned the unaffectionate nickname (绰号) "Hillsjail. " Jeff Gilbert. A Hillsdale teacher who became principal last year, remembers sitting with other teachers watching students file out of a graduation ceremony and asking one another in astonishment, "How did that student graduate?"
　　So in 2003 Hillsdale remade itself into three "houses," romantically named Florence, Marrakech and Kyoto. Each of the 300 arriving ninth graders are randomly(随机地) assigned to one of the houses. Where they will keep the same four core subject teachers for two years, before moving on to another for 11th and 12th grades. The closeness this system cultivates is reinforced by the institution of "advisory" classes Teachers meet with students in groups of 25, five mornings a week, for open-ended discussions of everything from homework problems to bad Saturday-night dates. The advisers also meet with students privately and stay in touch with parents, so they are deeply invested in the students' success."We're constantly talking about one another's advisers," says English teacher Chris Crockett. "If you hear that yours isn't doing well in math, or see them sitting outside the dean's office, it's like a personal failure." Along with the new structure came a more demanding academic program, the percentage of freshmen taking biology jumped from 17 to 95."It was rough for some. But by senior year, two-thirds have moved up to physics," says Gilbert "Our kids are coming to school in part because they know there are adults here who know them and care for them."But not all schools show advances after downsizing, and it remains to be seen whether smaller schools will be a cure-all solution.
　　The Newsweek list of top U.S. high schools was made this year, as in years past, according to a single metric, the proportion of students taking college-level exams. Over the years this system has come in for its share of criticism for its simplicity. But that is also its strength: it's easy for readers to understand, and to do the arithmetic for their own schools if they'd like.
　　Ranking schools is always controversial, and this year a group of 38 superintendents(地区教育主管)from five states wrote to ask that their schools be excluded from the calculation."It is impossible to know which high schools are 'the best' in the nation, "their letter read. in part. "Determining whether different schools do or don't offer a high quality of education requires a look at man different measures, including students' overall academic accomplishments and their subsequent performance in college. And taking into consideration the unique needs of their communities."
　　In the end, the superintendents agreed to provide the data we sought, which is, after all, public information. There is, in our view, no real dispute here, we are all seeking the same thing, which is schools that better serve our children and our nation by encouraging students to tackle tough subjects under the guidance of gifted teachers. And if we keep working toward that goal, someday, perhaps a list won't be necessary.
注意：此部分试题请在答卡1上作答.
　　1． Fifty years ago. big. Modern. Suburban high schools were established in the hope of __________.
　　A) ensuring no child is left behind
　　B) increasing economic efficiency
　　C) improving students' performance on SAT
　　D)providing good education for baby boomers
　　2. What happened as a result of setting up big schools?
　　A)Teachers' workload increased.
　　B)Students' performance declined.
　　C)Administration became centralized.
　　D)Students focused more on test scores.
　　3.What is said about the schools forded by the Bill and Melinda Gates foundation?
　　A)They are usually magnet schools.
　　B)They are often located in poor neighborhoods.
　　C)They are popular with high-achieving students.
　　D)They are mostly small in size.
　　4.What is most noticeable about the current trend in high school education?
　　A)Some large schools have split up into smaller ones.
　　B)A great variety of schools have sprung up in urban and suburban areas.
　　C)Many schools compete for the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation funds.
　　D)Students have to meet higher academic standards.
　　5.Newsweek ranked high schools according to           .
　　A)their students' academic achievement
　　B)the number of their students admitted to college
　　C)the size and number of their graduating classes
　　D)their college-level test participation
　　6.What can we learn about Hillsdale's students in the late 1990s?
　　A)They were made to study hard like prisoners.
　　B)They called each other by unaffectionate nicknames.
　　C)Most of them did not have any sense of discipline,
　　D)Their school performance was getting worse.
　　7.According to Jeff Gilbert, the "advisory" classes at Hillsdale were set up so that students could        .
　　A)tell their teachers what they did on weekends
　　B)experience a great deal of pleasure in learning
　　C)maintain closer relationships with their teachers
　　D)tackle the demanding biology and physics courses
　　8.________is still considered a strength of Newsweek's school ranking system in spite of the criticism it receives.
　　9.According to the 38 superintendents, to rank schools scientifically, it is necessary to use________.　　
     10.To better serve the children and our nation, schools students to take________.

Part Ⅲ      Listening Comprehension        (35minutes)
　　Section A
　　Directions: in this section you will hear 8 short conversations, one or more questions will be asked about what was said. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After each question there will be a pause. During the pause, you must read the four choices marked A)、B）、C）and D)、and decide which is the best answer. Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
　　注意：此部分试题请在答案卡2上作案。
　　11. A)Trying to sketch a map       C)Discussing a house plan.
　　   B)Painting the dining room.        D)Cleaning the kitchen.
　　12.A)She is tired of the food in the canteen.
　　   B)She often eats in a French restaurant.
　　   C) She usually takes a snack in the KFC.
　　   D)She in very fussy about what she eats.
　　13.A) Listening to some loud music        C)Talking loudly on the telephone.
　　   B)Preparing for as oral examination.    D)Practicing for a speech contest.
　　14.A)The man has left a good impression on her family.
　　  B)The man can dress casually for the occasion.
　　  C)The man should buy himself a new suit.
　　  D)The man's jeans and T-shirts are stylish.
　　15.A)Grey pants made from pure cotton.    C)100% cotton pants in dark blue.
　　   B) Fashionable pants in bright colors.    D)Something to match her brown pants.
　　16.A) Its price.                      C)Its comfort.
　　   B)Its location                    D)Its facilities.
　　17.A)Travel overseas.                C)Take a photo.
　　B)Look for a new job.             D)Adopt a child.
　　18.A)It is a routine offer.              C)It is quite healthy.
　　B)It is new on the menu.            D)It is a good bargain.
　　Questions 19 to 22 are based on the conversation you            .
　　19.A）Hosting an evening TV program.   C)Lecturing on business management.
　　B) Having her bicycle repaired.      D)Conducting a market survey.
　　20.A) He repaired bicycles.             C)He worked as a salesman.
　　B)He served as a consultant.            D)He coached in a racing club.
　　21.A) He wanted to be his own boss.
　　B) He found it more profitable
　　C)He didn't want to start from scratch.
　　D)He didn't want to be in too much debt.
　　22.A)They work five days a week.       C)They are paid by the hour.
　　B)They are all the man's friends.      D)They all enjoy gambling.
　　Questions 23 to 25 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
　　23.A)It has gradually given way to service industry.
　　B)It remains a major part of industrial activity.
　　C)It has a history as long as paper processing.
　　D)It accounts for 80 percent of the region's GDP.
　　24.A) Transport problems.        C)Lack of resources.
　　B)Shortage of funding.        D)poor management.
　　25.A) Competition from rival companies.      C)Possible locations for a new factory
　　B)Product promotion campaigns.           D)Measures to create job opportunities.
　　Section B
　　Directions: In this section you will hear 3 short passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear some questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A),B),C)and D).Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
　　注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答。
　　Passage One
　　Questions 26 to 28 are based on the passage you have just heard.
　　26.A)They shared mutual friends in school.
　　B)They had known each other since childhood.
　　C)They shared many extracurricular activities.
　　D)They had many interests in common.
　　27.A)At a local club.         B)At the sports center.
　　B)At Joe's house.         D)At the bearing school.
　　28.A)Durable friendships can be very difficult to maintain
　　B)One has to be respectful of other people in order to win respect.
　　C)It is hard for people from different backgrounds to become friends
　　D)Social divisions will break down if people get to know each other
　　Passage Two
　　Questions 29 to 31 are based as the passage you have just heart.
　　29.A)Near the entrance of a park.             C)At a parking meter.
　　B)In his building's parking lot             D)At a street corner.
　　30.A)It had been taken by the police          C)In had been stolen by someone.
　　B)it had keen moved to the next block.     D )it had been parked at a wrong place
　　31. A)At the Greenville center.               C)In a neighboring town.
　　B) At a public parking lot.                D)In a the city garage.
　　Passage Three
　　Questions 32 to 35 are based on the passage you have just heard.
　　32.A)Famous creative individuals.       C)A major scientific discovery.
　　B)The mysteriousness of creativity.   D)Creativity as shown in arts.
　　33.A)It is something people all engage in.  C) It starts soon after we are born.
　　B) It helps people acquire knowledge.    D) It is the source of all artistic work.
　　34.A) Creative imagination.            C) Natural curiosity.
　　B) Logical reasoning                D) Critical thinking.
　　35.A)It is beyond ordinary people.      C)It is part of everyday life.
　　B)It is yet to be fully understood.     D)It is a unique human trait.

　　Section C
　　Directions: In this section, you will hear a passage three times. When the passage is read for the first time, you should listen carefully for its general idea. When the passage is read for the second time, you are required to fill in the blanks numbered from 36 to 43 with the exact words you have just heard. For blanks numbered from 44 to 46 you are required to fill in the missing information. For these blanks you can other use the exact words you have just heard or write down the main points in your are words. Finally, when the passage is read for the third time, you should check what you have written.
　　注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答。
　　Students have been complaining more and more about stolen property. Radios, cell phones, bicycles, pocket(36)       ,and books have all been reported stolen. Are there enough campus police to do the job?
　　There are 20 officers in the Campus Security Division Their job is to(37)        crime, accidents lost and found(38)     ,and traffic problems on campus. More than half of their time is spent directing traffic and writing parking tickets.(39)      promptly to accidents and other(40)        is important, but it is their smallest job.
　　Dealing with crime takes up the rest of their time. Very(41)       do any violent crimes actually(42)         .In the last five years there have been no(43)       .seven robberies and about 60 other violent attacks, most of these involving fights at parties. On the other hand,(44) 
　　,which usually involves breaking windows or lights or writing on walls. The thefts are not the carefully planned burglaries(入室盗窃)that you see in movies.(45)
　　.
　　Do we really need more police? Hiring more campus police would cost money, possibly making our tuition go up again.(46)
　　.
　　Part Ⅳ Reading Comprehension(Reading in depth)(25minntes)
　　Section A
　　Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each blank from a list of choices given in a ward bank                              Read the passage through carefully before making your choices Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each them on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
　　Questions 47 to 56 are based on the following passage,
　　One in six. Believe it or not, that's the number of Americans who struggle with hanger To make tomorrow a little better, Feeding Action Month. As part of its 30 Ways in 30 Days program, It's asking    48     across the country to help the more than 200 food banks and 61,000 agencies in its network provide low-income individuals and families with the fuel they need to     49   .
　　It's the kind of work that's done every day at St. Andrew's Episcopal Church in San Antonio, People who     50     at its front door on the first and third Thursdays of each month aren't looking for God-they're there for something to eat, St. Andrew's runs a food pantry(食品堂)that     51     the city and several of the     52      towns. Janet Drane is its manager.
　　In the wake of the    53     .the number of families in need of food assistance began to grow. It is    54     that 49 million Americans are unsure of where they will find their next meal What's most surprising is that 36% of them live in     55     where at least one adult is working."It used to be that one job was all you needed." says St. Andrew's Drane."The people we see now have three or four part-time jobs and they're still right on the edge    56     ."
　　注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答。
　　A）survive                       I)formally
　　B) surrounding                    J)financially
　　C)serves                         K)domestic
　　D)reviewed                      L)competition
　　E)reported                       M)communities
　　F)recession                       N)circling
　　G)households                     O)accumulate
　　H)gather
　　Section B
　　Directions: there are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or unfinished statements For each of them there are four choices marked A),B),C) and D).You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on
　　Answer Sheer 2  with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
　　Questions 57 to 61 are based on the following passage.
　　In times of economic crisis. Americans turn to their families for support. If the Great Depression is any guide, we may see a drop in our skyhigh divorce rate. But this won't necessarily represent. an increase in happy marriages. In the long run, the Depression weakened American families, and the current crisis will probably do the same.
　　We tend to think of the Depression as a time when families pulled together to survive huge job losses, By 1932. when nearly one-quarter of the workforce was unemployed, the divorce rate had declined by around 25% from 1929 But this doesn't mean people were suddenly happier with their marriages. Rather, with incomes decreasing and insecure jobs, unhappy couples often couldn't afford to divorce. They feared neither spouse could manage alone.
　　Today, given the job losses of the past year, fewer unhappy couples will risk starting separate households, Furthermore, the housing market meltdown will make it more difficult for them to finance their separations by selling their homes.
　　After financial disasters family members also tend to do whatever they can to help each other and their communities, A 1940 book. The Unemployed Man and His Family, described a family in which the husband initially reacted to losing his job "with tireless search for work."He was always active, looking for odd jobs to do.
　　The problem is that such an impulse is hard to sustain Across the country, many similar families were unable to maintain the initial boost in morale(士气). For some, the hardships of life without steady work eventually overwhelmed their attempts to keep their families together. The divorce rate rose again during the rest of the decade as the recovery took hold.
　　Millions of American families may now be in the initial stage of their responses to the current crisis, working together and supporting one another through the early months of unemployment.
　　Today's economic crisis could well generate a similar number of couples whose relationships have been irreparably(无法弥补地)ruined. So it's only when the economy is healthy again that we'll begin to see just how many broken families have been created.
　　注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答。
　　57．In the initial stage, the current economic crisis is likely to __________.
　　A)tear many troubled families apart
　　B)contribute to enduring family ties
　　C)bring about a drop in the divorce rate
　　D)cause a lot of conflicts in the family
　　58.In the Great Depression many unhappy couples close to stick together because
　　A)starting a new family would be hard
　　B)they expected things would turn better
　　C)they wanted to better protect their kids
　　D)living separately would be too costly
　　59.In addition to job losses. What stands in the way of unhappy couples getting a divorce?
　　A)Mounting family debts
　　B)A sense of insecurity
　　C)Difficulty in getting a loan
　　D)Falling housing prices
　　60.What will the current economic crisis eventually do to some married couples?
　　A)It will force them to pull their efforts together
　　B)It will undermine their mutual understanding
　　C)It will help strengthen their emotional bonds
　　D)It will irreparably damage their relationship
　　61.What can be inferred from the last paragraph?
　　A)The economic recovery will see a higher divorce rate
　　B)Few couples can stand the test of economic hardships
　　C)A stable family is the best protection against poverty.
　　D)Money is the foundation of many a happy marriage
　　Passage Two
　　Questions 62 to 66 are based on the following passage:
　　People are being lured (引诱)onto Facebook with the promise of a fun, free service without realizing they're paying for it by giving up toads of personal information. Facebook then attempts to make money by selling their data to advertisers that want to send targeted messages.
　　Most Facebook users don't realize this is happening. Even if they know what the company is up to, they still have no idea what they're paying for Face book because people don't really know what their personal data is worth.
　　The biggest problem, however, is that the company keeps changing the rules Early on you keep everything private. That was the great thing about facebook you could create own little private network. Last year. The company changed its privacy rules so that many things you city. Your photo, your friends' names-were set, by default (默认)to be shared with every one on the Internet.
　　According to Facebook's vice-president Elliot Schrage, the company is simply making changes to improve its service, and if people don't share information They have a "less satisfying experience".
　　Some critics think this is more about Facebook looking to make more money. In original business model, which involved selling ads and putting then At the side of the pages totally Who wants to took at ads when they're online connecting with their friends?
　　The privacy issue has already landed Facebook in hot water in Washington. In April. Senator Charles Schumer called on Facebook to change its privacy policy. He also urged the Federal Trade Commission to set guidelines for social-networking sites."I think the senator rightly communicated that we had not been clear about what the new products were and how people could choose to use them or not to use them," Schrage admits.
　　I suspect that whatever Facebook has done so far to invade our privacy, it's only the beginning. Which is why I'm considering deactivating(撤销)my account. Facebook is a handy site, but I'm upset by the idea that my information is in the hands of people I don't That's too high a price to pay.
　　注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答。
　　62.What do we learn about Facebook from the first paragraph?
　　A)It is a website that sends messages to targeted users.
　　B)It makes money by putting on advertisements.
　　C)It profits by selling its users' personal data.
　　D)It provides loads of information to its users.
　　63.What does the author say about most Facebook users?
　　A)They are reluctant to give up their personal information.
　　B)They don't know their personal data enriches Facebook.
　　C)They don't identify themselves when using the website.
　　D)They care very little about their personal information.
　　64.Why does Facebook make changes to its rules according to Elliot Schrage?
　　A)To render better service to its users.
　　B)To conform to the Federal guidelines.
　　C)To improve its users' connectivity.
　　D)To expand its scope of business.
　　65.Why does Senator Charles Schumer advocate?
　　A)Setting guidelines for advertising on websites.
　　B)Banning the sharing of users' personal information.
　　C)Formulating regulations for social-networking sites.
　　D)Removing ads from all social-networking sites.
　　66.Why does the author plan to cancel his Facebook account?
　　A)He is dissatisfied with its current service.
　　B)He finds many of its users untrustworthy.
　　C)He doesn't want his personal data abused.
　　D)He is upset by its frequent rule changes. 

Part V                           Cloze                              (15 minutes)
　　Directions: There are 20 blanks in the following passage. For each blank there are four choices marked A),B),C) and D)on the right side of the paper. You should choose the ONE that best fits into the passage. Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
　　注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答。
　　Because conflict and disagreements are part of all close relationships, couples need to learn strategies for managing conflict in a healthy and constructive way. Some couples just   67   and deny the presence of any conflict in a relationship.   68   ,denying the existence of conflict results in couples    69   to solve their problems at early    70   ,which can then lead to even greater problems later   71   .Not surprisingly, expressing anger and disagreement leads to lower marital (婚姻的)satisfaction at the beginning. However, this pattern of behavior   72   increases in marital satisfaction over time. Research suggests that working   73   conflicts is an important predictor of marital satisfaction.
　　So, what can you do to manage conflict in your own relationships? First, try to understand the other person's point of view   74   put yourself in his of her place. People who are   75    to what their partner thinks and feels   76   greater relationship satisfaction. For example, researchers found that among people in dating relationships    77   marriages, those who can adopt their partner's perspective show more positive   78   .more relationship-enhancing attributes and more constructive responses   79    conflict.
　　Second, because conflict and disagreements are an   80    part of close relationships. People need to be able to apologize to their partner for wrongdoing and    81    forgiveness from their parents for their own acts. Apologies minimize conflict, lead to forgiveness, and serve to restore relationship closeness. In line    82    this view, spouses who are more forgiving show higher mental   83    over time. Increasingly, apologizing can even have    84    health benefits. For example, when people reflect on hurtful   85    and grudges(怨恨)，they show negative physiological(生理的) effects, including   86    heart rate and blood pressure, compared to when they reflect on sympathetic perspective-taking and forgiving.
　　67.A)resolve        B)regret           C)abandon       D)avoid
　　68. A)Besides       B)Therefore       C)Moreover       D)However
　　69. A)trying         B)declining        C)failing          D)striving
　　70. A)ages          B)years           C)stages         D)intervals
　　71. A)on            B)by              C)off             D)away
　　72. A)prescribes     B)protests         C)proves         D)predicts
　　73. A)round         B)amid            C)among         D)through
　　74. A)so            B)while            C)but            D)and
　　75. A)sensitive      B)superior          C)exclusive      D)efficient
　　76. A)expose       B)experience        C)explore       D)exploit
　　77. A)as long as     B)as far as         C)as well as     D)as soon as
　　78. A)minds        B)emotions         C)psychology    D)affection
　　79. A)to            B)against           C)at            D)toward
　　80. A)absolute      B)inevitable         C)essential      D)obvious
　　81. A)require       B)inquire            C)receive       D)achieve
　　82. A)over         B)with               C)up           D)of
　　83. A)quality       B)identity            C)charity        D)capability
　　84. A)creative      B)positive           C)objective      D)competitive
　　85. A)prospects       B)concepts          C)memories         D)outlooks
　　86. A)added          B)toughened         C)strengthened      D)increased

　　Part Vl                           Translation                        (5 minutes)
　　Directions: Complete the sentences by translating into English the Chinese given in brackets.
　　Please write your translation on Answer Sheet 2
　　注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答，只需写出译文部分。
　　87．Those flowers looked as if they_____________________(好长时间没有浇水了).
　　88.Fred bought a car last week. It is______________________(比我的车便宜一千英镑).
　　89.This TV program is quite boning We might______________(不妨听听音乐)
　　90．He left his office in a hurry, with______________________(灯亮着，门开着)
　　91．The famous novel is said to __________________________(已经被译成多种语言).
　　注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答。
























标准答案
On Excessive Packaging
Nowadays the phenomena of excessive packaging of goods are prevailing in our society: clothes swathed in tissue paper, placed in cardboard box and finally wrapped in well-designed plastic bags, imported bottles of grape wine packed in wooden boxes, fruits put in hand-woven baskets, to name but a few.
There are several causes of excessive packaging. The first reason is that a large number of companies believe that they can attract customers' attention and stimulate their purchasing desire by over-packaging their goods, thus gaining more profits. On the other hand, quite a number of consumers mistakenly hold that the more delicate the package is, the better the quality will be, thus encouraging excessive packaging.
In my point of view, excessive packaging has disastrous consequences, including the loss of precious resources, excessive consumption of water and energy, and unnecessary extraction of scarce land for landfill.
To solve the problem, it's necessary to take the following measures. First, laws and regulations must be made to restrict excessive packaging of companies. In addition, we need to raise consumer's awareness that excessive packaging doesn't equal to high quality and advocate packaging recycling. 
1. D) providing good education for baby boomers.
2. D) Students' performance declined.
3. D) They are mostly small in size.
4. D) Some large schools have split up into smaller ones.
5. C) their college-level test participation.
6. B) Their school performance was getting worse.
7. A) maintain closer relationships with their teachers.
8. Simplicity
9. different measures
10. tough subjects
11. A) Discussing a house plan.

　　12. A) She is tired of the food in the canteen.
　　13. A) Listening to some loud music.
　　14. B) The man can dress casually for the occasion.
　　15. A) Grey pants made from pure cotton.
　　16. B) Its location.
　　17. A) Travel overseas.
　　18. D) It is a good bargain.
　　19. A) Hosting an evening TV program.
　　20. C) He worked as a salesman.
　　21. A) He wanted to be his own boss.
　　22. B) They are all the man's friends.
　　23. B) It remains a major part of industrial activity.
　　24. A) Transport problems.
　　25. C) Possible locations for a new factory.
  　26. B) They had known each other since childhood.
　　27. B) At Joe's house.
　　28. D) Social divisions will break down if people get to know each other.
　　29. B) In his building's parking lot.
　　30. C) It had been stolen by someone.
　　31. D) In the city garage.
　　32. B) The mysteriousness of creativity.
　　33. D) It is the source of all artistic work.
　　34. A) Creative imagination.
　　35. C) It is part of everyday life.

　　Students have been complaining more and more about stolen property. Radios, cell phones, bicycles, pocket (36)calculators, and books have all been reported stolen. Are there enough campus police to do the job?
　　There are 20 officers in the campus security division. Their job is to (37)handle crime, accidents, lost and found (38)items, and traffic problems on campus. More than half of their time is spent directing traffic and writing parking tickets. (39)Responding promptly to accidents and other (40)emergencies is important, but it is their smallest job.
　　Dealing with crime takes up the rest of their time. Very (41)rarely did any violent crimes actually (42)occur.In the last five years there have been no (43)murders, seven robberies, and about sixty other violent attacks, most of these involving fights at parties. On the other hand, (44)there have been hundreds of thefts and cases of deliberate damaging of public property, which usually involves breaking windows or lights, or writing on walls. The thefts are not the carefully planned burglaries that you see in movies. (45)Things get stolen when it is just easy to steal them because they are left lying around unwatched.
　　Do we really need more police?Hiring more campus police would cost money, possibly making our tuition go up again.(46) A better way to solve this problem might be for all of us to be more careful with our things.

47. E. domestic
48. C. communities
49. O. survive
50. H. gather
51. M. serves
52. N. surroundings
53. J. recession
54. K. reported
55. I. households
56. F. financially
67. C avoid
68. B however
69. D failing
70. C stages
71. A on
72. A predicts
73. A through
74. B and
75. B sensitive
76. D experience
77. B as well as
78. C emotions
79. D to
80. A inevitable
81. D receive
82. A with
83. D quality
84. B positive
85. A memories
86. B increased
87. Those flowers looked as if they hadn't been watered for a long time(好长时间没有浇水了).
【点评】they即flowers做主语，用被动语态。一段时间应用完成时，looked过去式相比，后面应该过去完成时。
88. Fred bought a car last week. It is ￡1,000 cheaper than mine(比我的车便宜一千英镑).
【点评】简单的比较级，cheaper than。不需要重复car，直接用mine代替my car.
89. This TV program is quite boring. We might as well listen to the music (不妨听听音乐).
【点评】might as well"不妨"，原句中有might。listen to the music，听音乐。
90. He left his office in a hurry, with lights on and doors open(灯亮着，门开着).
【点评】with短语做伴随状语，逻辑主语和表语之间的系动词省略。
91.The famous novel is said to have been translated into multiple languages(已经被译成多种语言).
【点评】be said to后面跟动词原型，"已经被译"，用完成时被动语态have been translated，介词用into。











听力原文
短对话：

　　11:

　　M: As you can see from the drawings, the kitchen has one door into the dining room, another into the family room and a third to the outside。

　　W: The door into the family room isn't big enough. Could it be made wider?

　　Q: What are the speakers doing?

　　12.

　　M: I'm thinking about where to go for a bite tonight. Any suggestions, Barbara?

　　W: Well, how about the French restaurant near the KFC? Frankly, I've had enough of our canteen food。

　　Q: What do we learn about the woman?

　　13.

　　W: Hey, if you can't enjoy the music at a sensible volume, why not use earphones? I'm preparing for the speech contest。

　　M: Oh, sorry. I didn't realize I've being bothering you all this time。

　　Q: What is the man probably doing?

　　14.

　　M: Finally, I've got the chance to put on my new suit tonight. I hope to make a good impression on your family。

　　W: Come on! It's only a family reunion. So jeans and T-shirts are just fine. 

　　Q: What does the woman mean?

　　15.

　　M: Would you like to see those pants in brown and navy blue? These two colors are coming in this season。

　　W: Oh, actually grey is my favorite color, but I prefer something made from cotton, 100% cotton I mean。

　　Q: What is the woman looking for?

　　16.

　　W: From here, the mountains look as if you could just reach out and touch them。

　　M: That's why I chose this lodge. It has one of the best views in Switzerland。

　　Q: What is the man's chief consideration in choosing the lodge?

　　17.

　　M: What do I have to do to apply for a passport?

　　W: You need proof of citizenship, either an old passport or a birth certificate and three photographs. Then you must complete this form and pay a fee。

　　Q: What is the man most probably going to do?

　　18.

　　M: Miss, can I interest you in a pork special with serving tonight? It's only 799, half the usual price and it's very tasty。

　　W: Oh really? I will try it。

　　Q: What does the man say about the dish?

　　长对话：

　　Conversation 1

　　W：Good evening, and welcome to this week's Business World, the program for and about business people. Tonight, we have Mr. Steven Kayne, who has just taken over and established bicycle shop. Tell us, Mr. Kayne, what made you want to run your own store?

　　M: Well, I always loved racing bikes and fixing them. When I was working full-time as a salesman for a big company, I seldom had time to enjoy my hobby. I knew then that as soon as I had enough money to get my own business going, I'll do it. I had my heart set on it and I didn't let anything stand in my way. When I went down to the bank and got a business loan, I knew I'd love being my own boss. Now my time is my own. I open the store when I want and leave when I want。

　　W: You mean you don't keep regular hours?

　　M: Well, the sign on my store says the hours are ten to six, but if business is slower than usual, I can just lock up and take off early。

　　W: Have you hired any employees to work with you yet?

　　M: Yeah, a couple of friends of mine who love biking as much as I do. They help me out a few days a week. It's great because we play cards or just sit around and talk when there are no customers。

　　W: Thank you, Mr. Kayne. We wish you success in your new business。

　　Question 19-22 are based on the conversation you have just heard。

　　19.What is the woman doing?

　　20.What did Mr. Kayne do before he took over the bicycle shop?

　　21.Why did the man take over a bicycle shop?

　　22.What do we learn about the people working in the shop?

　　Conversation 2

　　W: Well, the main activities in the region were historically steel and paper processing, I think。

　　M: Yes, but I'm not quite sure about the status of those industries now. Could you tell us something about that?

　　W: Yes, of course. In fact, they are less significant, but steel-related manufacturing still accounts for 44% of industrial activity. So it's still very important. In fact, 80% of Spain's machine tools are from the Basque Country. As for paper processing, there's still a little. But it's no longer what it once was in the region. So, is that clear?

　　M: Yes, thanks。

　　W: Now, to get back to what I was saying, there's a lot of unemployment as well as geographical problems in the region。

　　M: Sorry, Victoria. What do you mean by geographical problems?

　　W: Well, what I mean is the area is very hilly, mountainous in parts. So there used to be transport problems, now though there are new train links and better roads, but it may be that some smaller towns inland remain not very well connected, is that OK? Does that make sense? When we talk about specific location suggestions for the factory, we'll see this in more detail, so we'll come back to this question, OK?

　　M: OK, right。

　　W: So I was about to say something about the work force in the region and the level of training and education. In general, it's very good and improving。

　　Question 23-25 are based on the conversation you have just heard。

　　23. What does the woman say about the steel-related manufacturing in the region?

　　24. What problem hinders the region's development?

　　25. What will the speakers discuss later?

　　短文：

　　Passage 1

　　I first met Joe Ganz when we were both nine years old, which is probably the only reason he's one of my best friends. If I had first met Joe as a freshman in high school we wouldn't even have had the chance to get to know each other. Joe is a day student, but I am a boarding student. We haven't been in same classes, sports or extra-curricular activities. Nonetheless, I spend nearly every weekend at his house and we talk on the phone every night. This is not to say that we would not have been compatible if we had first met in our freshman year. Rather, we would not have been likely to spend enough time getting to know each other due to the lack of immediately visible mutual interests. In fact, to be honest, I struggle even now to think of things we have in common. But maybe that's what makes us enjoy each other's company so much. When I look at my friendship with Joe, I wonder how many people I've known whom I never disliked, but simply didn't take the time to get to know. Thanks to Joe, I have realized how little basis there is for the social divisions that exist in every community. Since this realization, I have begun to make an even more determined effort to find friends in unexpected people and places。

　　Q:

　　26: Why does the speaker say Joe Ganz became one of his best friends?

　　27: Where does the speaker spend most of his weekends?

　　28: What has the speaker learned from his friendship with Joe?

　　Passage 2

　　It was a bad night for Lewis. His research in the neighboring town has taken longer than he expected. It was late and he was very tired when he drove home. He turned into his building's parking lot, but all the spaces were full. He drove back out onto the street, looking for a parking space. The first block was full. The next block was almost empty. Lewis didn't see a "no parking" sign, but he has expected that his parking were allowed there. Most the spaces would be filled. Then he saw a small parking lot with two free spaces. He was so glad to see them that he didn't even think to read the sign by the entrance. He drove in, parked and hurried home to go to bed. The next morning he went back to the lot to get his car. It was gone. He ran home and telephoned the city police to say that his car had been stolen. It took the police only a minute to tell him what had happened: his car had been on a private lot. It had been taken away by the police. Lewis had to take a taxi to visit the city garage far from the city center. He had to pay a fee of 40 dollars to get his car back. In addition, he got a parking ticket, his first one ever in Greenville。

　　Q:

　　29: Where did Lewis intend to park his car when he came back from work one night?

　　30: What did Lewis think had happened to his car the next morning?

　　31: Where did Lewis finally get his car back?

　　Passage 3

　　Well, to pick up where we left off last time, I believe we agreed that creativity is a mysterious idea. It was those things we all recognize when we see it, but we don't really understand what it is. We seem to feel that some people are naturally creative, but we don't know how they got that way. Is creativity a natural gift like good looks, or is it something that can be acquired like knowledge? Perhaps if we analyze the creative process carefully, we might get some insight into what it is and how it might work in our lives. The creative process has always been accepted as the source of all important work in the arts, but we should not think the creativity plays a role only in the arts. Every major scientific discovery began with someone imagining the world to look differently from the way others saw it. And this is what creativity is all about -- imagining the world in a new way. And despite what you may believe about the limits of your own creative imaginations, we all have the potential to imagine the world in an absolutely new way. In fact, you are born with it. It is your birth right as a human being. And what's more, you use it every day, almost every moment of your life. Your creative imagination is what you use to make sense of your experiences. It's your creative mind that gets meaning from chaos of experiences and brings order to your world。

　　32. What did the speaker most probably discuss last time?

　　33. What is the widely accepted idea about the creative process?

　　34. What leads to major scientific discoveries according to the speaker?

　　35. What does the speaker imply about the creative process?

　　复合式听写：

　　Students have been complaining more and more about stolen property. Radios, cell phones, bicycles, pocket calculators and books have all been reported stolen. Are there enough campus police to do the job? There are twenty officers in the campus security division. Their job is to handle crime, accidents, lost-and-found items and traffic problems on campus. More than half of their time is spent directing traffic and writing parking tickets.  Responding promptly to accidents and other emergencies is important, but it is their smallest job. Dealing with crime takes up the rest of their time. Very rarely do any violent crimes actually occur. In the last five years. There have been no murders, seven robberies and about 60 other violent attacks, most of these involving fights at parties. On the other hand, there have been hundreds of thefts and cases of deliberate damaging of public  property, which usually involves breaking windows or lights or writing on walls. The thefts are not the carefully planned burglaries that you see in movies. Things get stolen when it's easy to steal them, because they are left lying around unwatched. Do we really need more police? Hiring more campus police will cost money, possibly making our tuition go up again. A better way to solve this problem might be for all of us to be more careful with our things。



2011年12月全国大学英语四级考试试题
　Part Ⅰ                        
Writing   (30 minutes)
注意：此部分试题在答题卡1上．
For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write a short essay entitled Nothing Succeeds Without a Strong Will by commenting on the humorous saying, "Quitting smoking is the easiest thing in the world. I've done it hundreds of times." You should write at least 120 words but no more than 180 words.
Writing:
　　            Nothing Succeeds Without a Strong Will
　　
　　_________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
　　
　　
　Part Ⅱ Reading Comprehension (Skimming and Scanning) (15 minutes)
　　Directions:  In this part, you will have 15 minutes to go over the passage quickly and answer the questions on Answer Sheet 1. For questions 1-7 choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). For questions 8-10, complete the sentence with the information given in the passage.
Why Integrity Matters
　　What Is Integrity?
　　The key to integrity is consistency- not only setting high personal standards for oneself (honesty, responsibility, respect for others, fairness) but also living up to those standards each and every day. One who has integrity is bound by and follows moral and ethical (道德上的) standards even when making life's hard choices, choices which may be clouded by stress, pressure to succeed, or temptation.
　　What happens if we lie, cheat, steal, or violate other ethical standards? We feel disappointed in ourselves and ashamed. But a lapse (缺失) of integrity also affects our relationships with others. Trust is essential in any important relationship, whether personal or professional. Who can trust someone who is dishonest or unfair? Thus integrity must be one of our most important goals.
　　Risky Business 
　　We are each responsible for our own decisions, even if the decision, making process has been undermined by stress or peer pressure. The real test of character is whether we can learn from our mistake, by understanding why we acted as we did and then exploring ways to avoid similar problems in the future.
　　Making ethical decisions is a critical part of avoiding future problems. We must learn to recognize risks, because if we can't see the risks we're taking, we can't make responsible choices. To identify risks, we need to know the rules and be aware of the facts. For example, one who doesn't know the rules a about plagiarism (剽窃) may accidentally use words or ideas without giving proper credit or one who fails to keep careful research notes may unintentionally fail to quote and cite sources as required. But the fact that such a violation is "unintentional" does not excuse the misconduct, Ignorance is not a defense.
　　"But Everybody Does It"
　　Most people who get in trouble do know the rules and facts but manage to fool themselves about the risks they're taking by using excuses: "Everyone else does it." "I'm not hurting anyone", or "I really need this grade." Excuses can get very elaborate: "I know I'm look at another's exam, even though I'm supposed to keep my eyes on my own paper, but that's not cheating because I'm just checking my answers, not copying." We must be honest about our actions and avoid excuses, if we fool ourselves into believing we're not doing anything wrong, we can't see the real choice we're making - and that leads to bad decisions.
      To avoid fooling yourself, watch out for excuses and try this test: Ask how you would feel if your actions were public and anyone could be watching over yore shoulder. If you'd rather hide your actions, that's an indication that you're taking a risk and rationalizing it to yourself.
  Evaluating Risks 
      To decide whether a risk is worth taking, you must examine the consequences, in the future as well as right now, negative as well as positive, and to others as well as to yourself. Those who take risks they later regret usually focus on immolate benefits and simply haven't considered what might go wrong. The consequences of getting caught are serious and may include a "O" on a test or assignment, an "F" in the class, suspension (暂令停学) or dismissal from school and a ruined reputation. In fact, when you break a role or law, you lose control over your life and give others the power to impose punishment that you have no control over. This is an extremely vulnerable (脆弱的) position. There may be some matters of life and death or highest principle, which might justify such a risk, but there aren't many things that fall in this category.
 Getting Away with it - Or Not 
     Those who don't get caught pay an even higher price. A cheater doesn't learn from the test, which deprives (剥夺) him her of an education. Cheating undermines confidence and independence: the cheater is a fraud, and knows that without dishonesty, he/she would have failed. Cheating destroys self-respect and integrity, leaving the cheater ashamed, guilty and afraid of getting caught. 
Worst of all, a cheater who doesn't get caught the first time usually cheats again, not only because he/she is farther behind, but also because it seems "easier." This slippery slope of eroding ethics and bigger risks leads only to disaster. Eventually, the cheater gets caught, and the later he/she gets caught, the worse the consequences.
  Cheating Hurts Other, Too 
     Cheaters often feel invisible, as if their actions "don't count" and don't really hurt anyone. But individual choices have an intense cumulative (累积的) effect. Cheating can spread like a disease. Recent statistics suggest 30％ or more of college students cheat. If a class is graded on a curve, cheating hurts others' grades. Even if there is no curve, cheating "poisons" the classroom, and others may feel pressured to join in. ("If I don't cheat I can't compete with those who do") Cheating also has a destructive impact on teachers. The real reward of goof teaching is seeing students learn. But a cheater says. "I'm not interested in what you're trying to teach, all I care about is stealing a grade, regardless of the effect on others." The end result is a destructive attack on the quality of your education. Finally, cheating can hurt the reputation of the university and harm those who worked hard for their degree.
  Why Integrity Marten 
     If cheating becomes the norm, then we are in big trouble. We must rely on the honesty and good faith of others, if not, we couldn't put money in the bank, buy food, clothing, or medicine from others, drive across a bridge, get on a plane, go to the dentist--the list is endless. There are many examples of the vast harm that is caused when individuals forget or ignore the effect their dishonesty can have. The savings and loan scandal, the stock market and junk bond swindles, and, of course, Watergate, have undermined the faith of many Americans in the integrity of political and economic leaders and society as a whole. Such incidents take a tremendous toll on our nation's economy and our individual well-being. For example, but for the savings and loan debacle, there might be funds available to reduce the national debt and pay for education.
In sum, we all have a common stake in our school, our community, and our society. Our actions do matter. It is essential that we act with integrity in order to build the kind of world in which we want to live.
1. A person of integrity not only sets high moral and ethical standards but also _______.
A) sticks to them in their daily life
B) makes them known to others
C) understands their true values
D) sees that others also follow them
2. What role does integrity play in personal and professional relationships? 
A) It helps to create team spirit
B) It facilitates communication
C) It is the basis of mutual trust
D) It inspires mutual respect
3. why must we learn to identify the risks we are going to take？ 
A. To ensure we make responsible choices.
B. To avoid being overwhelmed by stress.
C. so that we don't break any rules.
D. so that we don't run into trouble.
4. Violation of a rule is misconduct even if _______?
A. it has caused no harm.
B. it is claimed to be unintentional.
C. it has gone unnoticed.
D. it is committed with good intentions.
5. What should one do if he doesn't wish to fool himself? 
A. Avoid making excuses.
B. Listen to other people's advice.
C. Make his intensions public.
D. Have others watch over his shoulder.
6. Those who take risks they regret later on _______.
A. will often become more cautious
B. are usually very aggressive
C. value immediate benefits most.
D. may lose everything in the end
7. According to the author, a cheater who doesn't get caught right away will _______.
A) pay more dearly
B) become more confident
C) be widely admired
D) feel somewhat lucky
8. Cheaters at exam don't care about their education, all they care about is how to  _____________________________.
9. Integrity matters in that all social activities rely on people's _________________________.
10. Many Americans lost faith in the integrity of their political leaders as a result of ________________________________.
   
Part III Listening Comprehension
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear 8 short conversations and2 long conversations. At the end of each conversation, one or more questions will be asked about what was said. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After each question there will be a pause. During the pause, you must read the four choices marked A), B), C) and D), and decide which is the best answer. Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.

11.A)Read the notice on the window.       C)Get a new bus schedule.
  B)Go and ask the staff                 D)Board the bus to Cleveland.
12.A)He was looking forward to seeing the giraffes.
  B)He enjoyed watching the animal performance.
  C)He got home too late to see the TV special.
  D)He fell asleep in the middle of the TV program.
13.A)she wants to take the most direct way.
  B)She may me late for the football game.
  C)She is worried about missing her flight.
  D)She is currently caught in a traffic jam.
14.A)At a restaurant                     C）At a clinic.
  B)In a fish shop.                      D)On a fishing boat.
15.A）He is an experienced sales manager.
  B)He is being interviewed for a job.
  C)Heg is a close friend of the woman.
  D)He is good at answering tricky questions.
16.A)The man should consider his privacy first. 
  B)The man will choose a low-rent apartment. 
  C)The man is not certain if he can find a quieter place. 
  D)The man is unlikly to move out of the dormitory. 
17.A)The woman is going to make her topic more focused.
  B)the man and woman are working on a joint project.
  C)One should be choose a broad topic for a research paper.
  D)It took a lot of time to get the man on the right track.   
18.A)They went camping this time last year.
  B)They didn't quite enjoy their last picnic.
  C) They learned to cooperate under harsh conditions.
  D) They weren't experienced in organizing picnics.
Questions 19 to 22 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
19.A）He likes Sweden better than England.
B）He prefers hot weather to cold weather.
C）He is an English living in Sweden.
D）He visits London nearly every winter.

20.A）The bad weather
B）The cold houses.
C）The gloomy winter.
D）The long night.

21.A）Delightful.
B）Painful.
C）Depressing.
D）Refreshing.

22.A）They often stay up late reading.
B)They work hard and play hard.
C) They like to go camping in summer.
D) They try to earn more and spend more.
Questions 23 to 25 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
23. A）Management.
B）French
C）English literature
D）Public Administration

24. A）English teaching.
B）Staff training.
C）Careers guidance.
D）Psychological counseling

25. A）Its pleasant environment.
B）Its worldwide fame.
C）Its generous scholarship.
D）Its well-designed courses.
Section B
Passage One
Questions 26 to 28 are based on the passage you have just heard.
26. What did Obcamp's speech focus on?
A) Characteristics of Japanese artists
B) Some features of Japanese culture
C) The art of Japanese brush painting
D) The uniqueness of Japanese art

27. Why do Japanese listeners sometimes close their eyes while listening to a speech?
A) To calm themselves down
B) To enhance concentration
C) To show their impatience
D) To signal their lack of interest

28. What does the speaker try to explain?
A) How listeners in different cultures show respect
B) How speakers can win approval from the audience
C) How speakers can misunderstand the audience
D) How different Western and Eastern art forms are
Passage Two
Questions 29 to 32 are based on the passage you have just heard.
29. What is Chris's main responsibility at Taxlong Company?
A) Directing personnel evaluation.
B) Buying and maintain equipment.
C) Drawing up plans for in-service training.
D) Interviewing and recruiting employees.

30. What problem did Chris encounter in his Division?
A) Some of his equipment was damaged in a fire.
B) The training program he ran was failure.
C) Two of his workers were injured at work.
D) Two of his employees committed theft.

31. What does Chris hope for in the near future?
A) A better relationship with his boss.
B) Advancement to a higher position
C) A better-paying job in another company
D) Improvement in the company's management

32 What do we learn about Kim from the passage?
A)She has more self-confidence than Chris.
B)She works with Chris in the same division.
C)She has more management experience than Chris.
D) She is competing with Chris for the new job.
Passage Three
Questions 33- 35 are based on the passage you have just heard.

33. Why are proverbs so important?
A) They help us see the important values of a culture.
B) They guide us in handling human relationships.
C) They help us express ourselves more effectively.
D) They are an infinite source of human knowledge.

34. According to the speaker what happens to some proverbs with the passage of time?
A)Their wordings may become different.
B) The values they reflect may change.
C)Their origins can no longer be traced.
D) They may be misinterpreted.

35. What do we learn from the study of proverbs from around the world?

Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear a passage three times. When the passage is read for the first time, you should listen carefully for its general idea. When the passage is read for the second time, you are required to fill in the blanks numbered from 36 to 43 with the exact words you have just heard. For blanks numbered from 44 to 46 you are required to fill in the missing information. For these blanks, you can either use the exact words you have just heard or write down the main points in your own words. Finally, when the passage is read for the third time, you should check what you have written.
注意：此部分试题在答题卡2上作答。
　Our lives are woven together. As much as I enjoy my own (36) _____________, I no longer imagine I can get through a (37) _____________ day, much less all my life, (38) _____________  on my own. Even if I am on (39) _____________ in the mountains, I am eating food someone else has grown, living in a house someone else has built, wearing clothes someone else has (40) _____________ from cloth woven by others, using (41) _____________ someone else is distributing to my house. (42) _____________ of interdependence is everywhere; we are on this (43) _____________ together.
　As I was growing up, (44) __________________________________________________  __________________________."Make your own way"," Stand on your own two feet" or my mother's favorite remark when I was face-to-face with consequences of some action: Now that you've made your bed, lie on it!" Total independence is a dominant thing in our culture. I imagine that (45) ________________________________________________________________
________________. But the teaching was shaped by our cultural imagines. And instead, I grew up believing that I was supposed to be totally independent and consequently became very reluctant to ask for help.
  (46) _________________________________________________________________
__________________.
PartⅣ Reading Comprehension (Reading in Depth)   (25 minutes)
　　
Section A 
　　Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
　　
　　Questions 47 to 56 are based on the following passage.
　　With the world's population estimated to grow from six to nine billion by 2050, researchers. businesses and governments are already dealing with the impact this increase will have on everything from food and water to infrastructure (基础设施) and jobs. Underling all this 47 will be the demand for energy, which is expected to double over the next 40 years.
　　Finding the resources to meet this demand in a   48  . sustainable way is the cornerstone (基石) of our nation's energy security, and will be one of the major   49   of the 21st century. Alternative forms of energy- bio-fuels, wind and solar, to name a few are  50   being funded and developed, and will play a growing   51   in the world's energy supply. But experts say that even when   52  , alternative energy sources will likely meet only about 30% of the world's energy needs by 2050.
　　For example, even with  53   investments, such as the $93 million for wind energy development  54  in  the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act, important alternative energy sources such as wind and bio-fuels  55   only about 1% of the market today.
　　Energy and sustainability experts say the answer to our future energy needs will likely come from a lot of  56   both traditional and alternative.
　　注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答。
　　A)stable          I)exactly 
　　B)solutions       J)consist 
　　C)significant     K)comprise 
　　D)role            L)competitions 
　　E)progress        M)combined 
　　F)marvelous       N)challenges 
　　G)included         O)certainly 
　　H)growth 
　　
　　
　　Section  B 
　　Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or unfinished statements. For each of them there are four chokes marked A), B), C) and D). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
　　
Passage One 
　　Questions 57 to 61 are based on the following passage.
　　Boys' schools are the perfect place to teach young men to express their emotions and involve them in activities such as art, dance and music.
　　Far from the traditional image of a culture of aggressive masculinity (阳刚), the absence of girls gives boys the chance to develop without pressure to conform to a stereotype. a US study says.
　　Boys at single-sex schools were said to be more likely to get involved in cultural and artistic activities that helped develop their emotional expressiveness, rather than feeling they had to conform to the "boy code" of hiding their emotions to be a "real man".
　　The findings of the study so against received wisdom that boys do better when taught alongside girls.
　　Tony Little, headmaster of Eton, warned that boys were being faded by the British education system because it had become too focused on girls. He criticized teachers for failing to recognize that boys are actually more emotional than girls.
　　The research argued that boys often perform badly in mixed schools because they become discouraged when their female peers do better earlier in speaking and reading skills.
　　But in single-sex schools teachers can tailor lessons to boys' learning style, letting them move around the classroom and getting them to compete in teams to prevent boredom, wrote the study's author, Abigail James, of the University of Virginia.
　　Teachers could encourage boys to enjoy reading and writing with "boy-focused" approaches such as themes and characters that appeal to them. Because boys generally have more acute vision learn best through touch, and are physically more active, they need to be given "hands-on" lessons where they are allowed to walk around. "Boys in mixed schools view classical music as feminine (女性的) and prefer the modem genre (类型) in which violence and sexism are major themes, "James wrote.
　　Single-sex education also made it less likely that boys would feel they had to conform to a stereotype that men should be "masterful and in charge" in relationships. "In mixed schools boys feel compelled to act like men before they understand themselves well enough to know what that means, " the study reported.
　　注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答。
　　57. The author believes that a single-sex school would ____ .
　　  A) force boys to hide their emotions to be "real men"
　　  B) help to cultivate masculine aggressiveness in boys 
　　  C) encourage boys to express their emotions more freely 
　　  D) naturally reinforce in boys the traditional image of a man 
　　58. It is commonly believed that in a mixed school boys _____ .
　　    A) Perform relatively better        C) behave more responsibly 
　　    B) grow up more healthily             D) receive a better education 
　　59. What does Tony Little say about the British education system?
　　   A) It fails more boys than girls academically.
　　   B) It focuses more on mixed school education.
　　   C) It fails to give boys the attention they need.
　　   D) It places more pressure on boys than on girls.
　　60. According to Abigail James, one of the advantages of single-sex schools is ______.
　　   A) teaching can be tailored to suit the characteristics of boys 
　　   B) boys can focus on their lessons without being distracted 
　　   C) boys can choose to learn whatever they are interested in 
　　   D) teaching can be designed to promote boys' team spirit 
　　61. Which of the following is characteristic of boys according to Abigail James' report?
　　   A) They enjoy being in charge.        C) They have sharper vision.
　　   B) They conform to stereotypes.        D) They are violent and sexist.

Passage Two 
　　Questions 62 to 66 are bated on the following passage.
　　It's an annual argument. Do we or do we not go on holiday? My partner says no because the boiler could go, or the roof fall off and we have no savings to save us. I say you only live once and we work hard and what's the point if you can't go on holiday. The joy of a recession means no argument next year - we just won't go.
　　Since money is known to be one of the things most likely to bring a relationship to its knees, we should be grateful. For many families the recession means more than not booking a holiday A YouGov poll of 2, 000 people found 22% said they were arguing more with their partners because of concerns about money. What's less clear is whether divorce and separation rates rise in a recession - financial pressures mean couples argue more but make splitting up less affordable. A recent research shows arguments about money were especially damaging to couples. Disputes were characterized by intense verbal ( 言语上的) aggression, tended to be repeated and not resolved and made men, more than women, extremely angry.
　　Kim Stephenson, an occupational psychologist, believes money is such a big deal because of what it symbolizes, which may be different things to men and women. "People can say the same things about money but have different ideas of what it's for." he explains. "They'll say it's to save to spend, for security, for freedom, to show someone you love them." He says men are more likely to see money as a way of buying status and of showing their parents that they've achieved something.
　　"The biggest problem is that couples assume each other know what's going on with their finances, but they don't. There seems to be more of a taboo (禁忌) about talking about money than about death. But you both need to know what you're doing, who's paying what into the joint account and how much you keep separately. In a healthy relationship, you don't have to agree about money, but you have to talk about it."
　　注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答：
　　62. What does the author say about vacationing?
　　   A) People enjoy it all the more during a recession.
　　   B) Few people can afford it without working hard.
　　   C) It makes all the hard work worthwhile.
　　   D) It is the chief cause of family disputes.
　　63. What does the author mean by saying "money is known ... to bring a relationship to its knees"(Line 1, Para. 2)?
　　   A) Money is considered to be the root of all evils.
　　   B) Some people sacrifice their dignity for money.
　　   C) Few people can resist the temptation of money.
　　   D) Disputes over money may rain a relationship.
　　64. The YouGov poll of 2, 000 people indicates that in a recession ______ .
　　  A) conflicts between couples tend to rise 
　　   B) it is more expensive for couples to split up 
　　  C) couples show more concern for each other 
　　   D) divorce and separation rates increase 
　　65. What does Kim Stephenson believe?
　　  A) Money is often a symbol of a person's status.
　　  B) Money means a great deal to both and women.
　　  C) Men and women spend money on different things.
　　  D) Men and women view money in different ways.
　　66. The author suggests at the end of the passage that couples should ______ .
　　  A) put their money together instead of keeping it separately 
　　  B) make efforts to reach agreement on their family budgets 
　　  C) discuss money matters to maintain a healthy relationship 
　　  D) avoid arguing about money matters to remain romantic 
　
　Part Ⅴ                    Cloze                 (15 minutes)

Directions: There are 20 blanks in the following passage. For each bland there are four choices marked A), B), C) and D) on the right side of the paper You should choose the ONE that best fits into the passage. Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
　　注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答。
　　Employers fear they will be unable to recruit students with the skills they need as the economic recovery kicks in, a new survey   67  .
　　Nearly half of the organizations told researchers they were already struggling to find   68   with skills in science, technology, engineering and maths (STEM).   69   even more companies expect to experience   70   of employees with STEM skills in the next three years.
　　The Confederation of British Industry   71    694 businesses and organizations across the public and   72   sectors, which together employ 2.4 million people.
　　Half are   73   they will not be able to fill graduate posts in the coming years, while a third said they would not be able to  74  enough employees with the right A-level skills.
　　"   75   we move further role recovery and businesses plan   76   growth, the demand for people with high-quality skills and qualifications will 
　　  77  ." said Richard Lambert, Director General, CBI. "Firms say it is already hard to find people with the right    78   or engineering skills. The new government must make it a top  79  to encourage more young people to study science-related  80  ."
　　The survey found that young people would improve their job prospects   81  they studied business, maths, English and physics or chemistry at A-level. The A-levels that employers  82  least are psychology and sociology. And while many employers don't insist on a  83  degree subject. A third prefer to hire those with a STEM-related subject.
　　The research   84   worries about the lack of progress in improving basic skills in the UK 85  . Half of the employer expressed worries about employees' basic literacy and numeracy（计算)skills, while the biggest problem is with IT skills,    86  two-thirds reported concerns.
　　67. A) submits     C) launches 
　　B) reveals      D) generates 
　　68. A) audience     C) partners 
　　B) officials      D) staff 
　　69. A) while       C) for 
　　B) because     D) although 
　　70. A) exits        C) absences 
　　B) shortages    D) departures 
　　71. A) surveyed     C) exposed 
　　B) searched     D) exploited 
　　72. A) collective    C) personal 
　　B) private       D) civil 
　　73. A) confronted   C) concerned 
　　B) conformed   D) confused 
　　74. A) bind        C) transfer 
　　B) attain        D) recruit 
　　75. A) Lest        C) Before 
　　B) Unless      D) As 
　　76. A) with        C) on 
　　B) for         D) by 
　　77. A) dominate     C) enforce 
　　B) stretch      D) intensify 
　　78. A) creative     C) narrative 
　　B) technical     D) physical 
　　79. A) priority     C) challenge 
　　B) option       D) judgment 
　　80. A) procedures   C) thoughts 
　　B) academics    D) subjects 
　　81. A) until        C) whereas 
　　B) since        D) if 
　　82. A) rate         C) order 
　　B) discuss      D) observe 
　　83. A) typical       C) positive 
　　B particular    D) general 
　　84. A) highlighted   C) focused 
　　B) prescribed    D) touched
　　85. A) masses      C) faculty 
　　B) workforce   D) communities 
　　86. A) what        C) where 
　　B) whom       D) why 
　　
　　

Part Ⅳ                 Translation             (5 minutes)
　　Directions:  Complete the sentences by translating into English the Chinese given in brackets Please write your translation on Answer Sheer 2
　　注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答，只需写出译文部分。
　　
　　87．Charity groups organized various activities to ________________(为地震幸存者筹款)。
　　88．Linda_______________(不可能收到我的电子邮件）：otherwise, she would have replied．
　　89．It's my mother________________(一直在鼓励我不要灰心)when I have difficulties in my studies．
　　90．The publishing house has to ______________（考虑这部小说的受欢迎程度)。
　　91．It is absolutely wrong to ________________（仅仅以金钱来定义幸福）。
　　        

Part III Listening Comprehension
2011年12月四级听力(听力原文)
Section A
11.W: This crazy bus schedule has got me completely confused. I can't figure out when my bus to Cleveland leaves?
M: Why don't you just go to the ticket window and ask?
Q: What does the man suggest the woman do?
12.W: I really enjoyed the TV special about drafts last night. Did you get home in time to see it?
W: Oh, yes, but I wish I could have stayed awake long enough to see the whole thing.
Q: What does the man mean?
13.W: Airport, please. I'm running a little late. So just take the fastest way even if it's not the most direct.
M: Sure, but there is a lot of traffic everywhere today because of the football game.
Q: What do we learn about the woman from the conversation?
14.W: May I make a recommendation, sir? Our seafood with this special sauce is very good.
M: Thank you, but I don't eat shellfish. I'm allergic to it.
Q: Where does this conversation most probably take place?
15. W: now one more question if you don't mind, what position in the company appeals to you most?
M: Well, I'd like the position of sales manager if that position is still vacant.
Q: What do we learn about the man?
16. M: I don't think I want to live in the dormitory next year. I need more privacy.
W: I know what you mean. But check out the cost if renting an apartment first. I won't be surprised if you change your mind.
Q: What does the woman imply?
17. M: You're on the right track. I just think you need to narrow the topic down.
W: Yeah, you're right. I always start by choosing two boarder topics when I'm doing a research paper.
Q: What do we learn from the conversation?
18. W: This picnic should beat the last one we went to, doesn't it?
M: Oh, yeah, we had to spend the whole time inside. Good thing, the weather was cooperative this time.
What do we learn about the speakers from the conversation?
Long Conversation
Conversation One
M: When I say I live in Sweden, people always want to know about the seasons.
W: The seasons?
M: Yeah, you know how cold it is in winter? What is it like when the days are so short?
W: So what is it like?
M: Well, it is cold ,very cold in winter. Sometimes it is cold as 26 degrees below centigrade. And of course when you go out, you'll wrap up warm. But inside in the houses it's always very warm, much warmer than at home. Swedish people always complain that when they visit England, the houses are cold even in the good winter.
W: And what about the darkness?
M: Well, yeah, around Christmas time there's only one hour of daylight, so you really looks forward to the spring. It is sometimes a bit depressing. But you see the summers are amazing, from May to July in the North of Sweden the sun never sets. It's still light in the midnight. You can walk in the mountains and read a newspaper.
W: Oh, yeah, the land of the midnight sun.
M: Yeah, that's right, but it's wonderful. You won't stay up all night. And the Swedes makes most of it often they started work earlier in summer and then leave at about 2 or 3 in the afternoon, so that they can really enjoy the long summer evenings. They'd like to work hard, but play hard, too. I think Londoners work longer hours, but I'm not sure this is a good thing.

Q19: What do we learn about the man from the conversation?
Q20: What do Swedish people complain about when they visit England in winter?
Q21: How does the man describe the short hour of daylight around Christmas in Sweden?
Q21: What does the man say about the Swedish people?
Conversation Two
W: What kind of training does one need to go into this type of job?
M: That's a very good question. I don't think there is any, specifically.
W: For example, in your case, what was your educational background?
M: Well, I did a degree in French at Nottingham. After that, I did careers work in secondary schools like the careers guidance people. Here is in the university. Then I went into local government because I found I was more interested in the administrative side. Then progressed on to universities. So there wasn't any plan and there was no specific training. There are plenty of training courses in management techniques and committee work which you can attend now.
W: But in the first place, you did a French degree.
M: In my time, there wasn't a degree you could do for administration. I think most of the administrators I've come across have degrees and all sorts of things.
W: Well, I know in my case, I did an English literature degree and I didn't really expect to end up doing what I am doing now.
M: Quite.
W: But you are local to Nottingham, actually? Is there any reason why you went to Nottingham University?
M: No, no, I come from the north of England, from west Yorkshire. Nottingham was one of the universities I put on my list. And I like the look of it. The campus is just beautiful.
W: Yes, indeed. Let's see. Were you from the industrial part of Yorkshire?
M: Yes, from the Woolen District.
Q23. What was the man's major at university?
Q24: What was the man's job in secondary schools?
Q25: What attracted the man to Nottingham University?
Section B
Passage One
While Gail Obcamp, an American artist was giving a speech on the art of Japanese brush painting to an audience that included visitors from Japan, she was confused to see that many of her Japanese listeners have their eyes closed. Were they tuned off because an American had the nerve to instruct Japanese in their own art form or they deliberately tried to signal their rejection of her? Obcamp later found out that her listeners were not being disrespectful. Japanese listeners sometimes closed their eyes to enhance concentration. Her listeners were showing their respect for her by chewing on her words. Some day you may be either a speaker or a listener in a situation involving people from other countries or members of minority group in North America. Learning how different cultures signal respect can help you avoid misunderstandings. Here are some examples. In the deaf culture of North America, many listeners show applause not by clapping their hands but by waving them in the air. In some cultures, both overseas and in some minority groups in North America, listeners are considered disrespectful if they look directly at the speaker. Respect is shown by looking in the general direction but avoiding direct eye contact. In some countries, whistling by listeners is a sign of approval while in other courtiers it is a form of insult.
Questions:
26, What did Obcamp's speech focus on?
27, Why do Japanese listeners sometimes close their eyes while listening to a speech?
28, What does the speaker try to explain?
Passage Two
Chris is in charge of purchasing and maintaining equipment in his Division at Taxlong Company. He is soon going to have an evaluation interview with his supervisor and the personnel director to discuss the work he has done in the past year. Salary, promotion and plans for the coming year will also be discussed at the meeting. Chris has made several changes for his Division in the past year. First, he bought new equipment for one of the departments. He has been particularly happy about the new equipment because many of the employees have told him how much it has helped them. Along with improving the equipment, Chris began a program to train employees to use equipment better and do simple maintenance themselves. The training saved time for the employees and money for the company. Unfortunately, one serious problem developed during the year. Two employees the Chris hired were stealing, and he had to fire them. Chris knows that a new job for a purchasing and maintenance manager for the whole company will be open in a few months, and he would like to be promoted to the job. Chris knows, however, that someone else wants that new job, too. Kim is in charge of purchasing and maintenance in another Division of the company. She has also made several changes over the year. Chris knows that his boss likes Kim's work, and he expects that his work will be compared with hers.
Questions 29 to 32 are based on the passage you have just heard.
29. What is Chris's main responsibility at Taxlong Company?
30. What problem did Chris encounter in his Division?
31. What does Chris hope for in the near future?
32. What do we learn about Kim from the passage?
Passage Three
Proverbs, sometimes called sayings, are examples of folk wisdom. They are little lessons which older people of a culture pass down to the younger people to teach them about life. Many proverbs remind people of the values that are important in the culture. Values teach people how to act, what is right, and what is wrong. Because the values of each culture are different, understanding the values of another culture helps explain how people think and act. Understanding your own culture values is important too. If you can accept that people from other cultures act according to their values, not yours, getting along with them will be much easier. Many proverbs are very old. So some of the values they teach may not be as important in the culture as they once were. For example, Americans today do not pay much attention to the proverb "Haste makes waste", because patience is not important to them. But if you know about past values, it helps you to understand the present and many of the older values are still strong today. Benjamin Franklin, a famous American diplomat, writer and scientist, died in 1790, but his proverb "Time is money" is taken more seriously by Americans of today than ever before. A study of proverbs from around the world shows that some values are shared by many cultures. In many cases though, the same idea is expressed differently.
Questions 33- 35 are based on the passage you have just heard.
33. Why are proverbs so important?
34. According to the speaker what happens to some proverbs with the passage of time?
35 What do we learn from the study of proverbs from around the world?
Compound Dictation
Our lives are woven together. As much as I enjoy my own company, I no longer imagine I can get through a single day much less all my life completely on my own. Even if I am on vacation in the mountains, I am eating food someone else has grown, living in a house someone else has built, wearing clothes someone else has sewn from cloth woven by others, using electricity someone else is distributing to my house. Evidence of interdependence is everywhere; we are on this journey together.
As I was growing up, I remember being carefully taught that independence not interdependence was everything. "Make your own way"," Stand on your own two feet" or my mother's favorite remark when I was face-to-face with consequences of some action: Now that you've made your bed, lie on it.
Total independence is a dominant thing in our culture. I imagine that what my parents were trying to teach me was to take responsibilities for my actions and my choices. But the teaching was shaped by our cultural imagines. And instead, I grew up believing that I was supposed to be totally independent and consequently became very reluctant to ask for help. I would do almost anything not to be a burden, and not require any help from anybody.
2011年12月英语四级真题答案
快速阅读：ACABA  CA   7. steal a grade  8.honesty and good faith  9.the Watergate scandal
听力答案：11-15  BABAA  16-18  BDB   19-22  BBCB  23-25  BCB  26-28  CBA     29-32  BDBD    33-34  AB
选词填空：47 growth   48 stable   49 challenges  50 certainly  51 role  52 combined  53 significant  54 included  55 comprise  56 solutions
阅读理解：57-61  CACAC    62-66  CDADC  
完形填空：67.reveals  68.staff  69.while  70.shortages  71.surveyed 72.private  73.concerned  74.recruit  75.As  76.for  77.intensify  78.technical  79.priority  80.subjects  81.if   82.rate  83.particular  84.highlighted  85.workforce  86.where
翻译：87. Charity groups organized various activities to raise money for the survivors of the earthquake. (为地震幸存者筹款)
88. Linda couldn't have received my e-mail (不可能收到我的电子邮件), otherwise, she could have replied.
89. It's my mother who/that keeps encouraging me not to lose heart (一直鼓励我不要灰心) when I have difficulties in my study.
90. The publishing house has to consider the popularity of this novel. (考虑这本小说的受欢迎程度)。
91. It's wrong to define happiness only by money.(仅仅以金钱来定义幸福)


2011年12月英语四级真题答案解析
Part I Writing
【标准版】Nothing Succeeds Without a Strong Will
　Nothing runs smoothly in our life. To achieve things successfully, a strong will is essential. Life is like a Marathon. Many people can't get to the terminal. This is not because they are lack of vitality but because their will of success is not strong enough.
　To take quitting smoking as an example, some regard it as a piece of cake. They make up their minds to quit it in the morning, but in the evening they feel that the smell of cigarettes is tempting. Their throats are sore, their mouths are thirsty, and their hands are shaking. After the painful mental struggle, they tell themselves that "One cigarette is enough. Just take one, and the next day I will quit it." By doing this, they surrender to their weak will. In the end, they have quitted smoking "a hundred times", but in no time they succeed.
　Just like quitting smoking, nothing succeeds without a strong will. To be successful in one's life, a strong will means that you know where you go and you will persist on the road you choose. Undoubtedly success belongs to those who overcome their weak will and who hang in there until the last minute.
　【文章点评】
本文属于话题类作文，只看题目 "Nothing Succeeds without a strong will"考生会觉得比较抽象，难以下手。细看题目说明中给出了提示，要求考生结合戒烟屡次不成功的幽默引语对该话题进行分析阐述。
　总体来说，这是一篇"中等偏上"的考生作文。本文先点题指出"坚强意志"的重要性；第二段从反面举例阐述--具体描写了意志不坚定者的心理活动，阐述为什么会戒烟失败；最后从戒烟延伸到生活中的其他事情，并复述坚强意志的内涵，点题收尾。
　总体上来看，文章思路清晰，采用了生动的比喻和形象的心理描写，语言流畅，用语地道。但一些重复表达（如第二段和第三段中的weak will）显得单调，可用shaky ones, weak-willed persons，the strong-willed等灵活表达。在备考中，多积累不同表达，相信会写出更生动的文章。
　在论述上，叙述略显罗嗦。第二段心理描写过多，虽然流畅生动，但却使这篇考场作文超过了规定字数，反而成为失分点，这一点要引以为戒。
　【高分版】Nothing Succeeds Without a Strong Will
　As we have read from above, quitting-smoking seems easy, but in reality it is rarely achieved. There is something provoking and interesting in this paradox, just because sword does not wear the stone as dripping water does.
　The ability to do something over and over again in a short time may imply its easiness, but in a long run, a lifetime maybe, things turn out to be quite the opposite. Also, as is often the case, one may have obtained all the tools and opportunities to achieve something, but in the end they still fail due to the will shortage.
　So how could we avoid the dilemma? Here is the prime condition of success: will and perseverance. Concentrate you energy, thought and mind exclusively on the business in which you are engaged, hang on in there and be patient, for, as Emerson put it, no one can cheat you out of your ultimate success but yourself.
【文章点评】
本次四级作文探讨的话题是成功与毅力之间的关系，话题不算新，一般考生对此都比较熟悉，所以对考生来说难度不大。写好这篇作文，需要抓住两点，一是紧跟题目要求，即对上述幽默性的话语做出评论，二是在评论的基础上要亮出自己的观点。
范文开头第一句即一针见血地对上述幽默性话语做出总结性概括，即戒烟看似简单实则很难，随后指出该话语本质上是一个悖论，并且以一个"水滴石穿"的俗语来指出困难所在，这句也是本文的一个亮点，体现作者在西方俗语方面丰富的知识储备。
第二段作者则进一步深入分析该话语，指出做某事在短期看来很容易，长期来看，恰恰相反，人们做事的结果也因此总是失败，原因则在最后一句点出：缺乏毅力。
第三段作者进一步给出了自己的观点，告诉大家如何避免陷入这种两难境地：首要条件即需要坚强的意志和长期的坚持。最后再以艾默生的一句名言 "没人能够骗你远离你最终的成功，除非你自己承认失败"来总结全文，切中主题，铿锵有力。
　　Part II Reading Comprehension (Skimming and Scanning)
1.【答案】A) sticks to them in their daily life
【解析】第一题的答案就在全文第一句。关键词是not only.... But also.... ，关键句是The key to integrity is consistency--not only setting high personal standards for oneself (honesty, responsibility, respect for others, fairness) but also living up to those standards each day. 这里的live up to 和 选项里的 stick to 属于同义替换。
2.【答案】C) It is the basis of mutual trust
【解析】关键词是personal and professional，关键句是Trust is essential in any important relationship, whether personal or professional. Who can trust someone who is dishonest or unfair? Thus, integrity must be one of our most important goals.
结合紧接着的问句，我们很容易锁定trust这个选项。
3.【答案】A. To ensure we make responsible choices.
【解析】关键词是identify the risks，关键句是Making ethical decisions is a critical part of avoiding future problems. We must learn to recognize risks, because if we can't see the risks we're taking, we can't make responsible choices. 所以答案很明显是A。
4.【答案】B. it is claimed to be unintentional.
【解析】关键词是misconduct，关键句是But the fact that such a violation is "unintentional" does not excuse the misconduct. 和原文意义高度一致的，就是这个unintentional。因此答案是：B. it is claimed to be unintentional.
5. 【答案】A. Avoid making excuses.
【解析】关键词是fool oneself，关键句是To avoid fooling yourself, watch out for excuses and try this test这里的watch out for 和 选项里的avoid属于同义替换。所以答案是A。
6.【答案】C. value immediate benefits most.
【解析】关键词是regret later，关键句是Those who take risks they later regret usually focus on immediate benefits ("what's in it for me")。很明显，选项 value immediate benefits most 是正确答案。这里的value 和 focus on 属于同义替换。
7.【答案】A) pay more dearly
【解析】关键词是get caught，关键句是Those who don't get caught pay an even higher price. 这里的higher price 和选项里的more dearly 属于同义替换。所以答案是A。
8. 【答案】steal a grade
【解析】关键词：care about
关键句：I'm not interested in what you're trying to teach; all I care about is stealing a grade, regardless of the effect on others."
9.【答案】honesty and good faith
【解析】关键词是rely on，关键句是We must rely on the honesty and good faith of others every day.
10.【答案】the Watergate scandal
【解析】关键词是political and economic leaders，关键句是Watergate, have undermined the faith of many Americans in the integrity of political and economic leaders and society as a whole.
PartⅣ Reading Comprehension (Reading in Depth)
Section A【解析】这是一篇讨论能源资源的说明文，话题是考生比较熟悉的能源问题，不断增长的人口与可再生资源的矛盾该如何解决。文中指出能源的一些可替代形式如生物能源、风能太阳能等可再生资源将在未来发挥越来越重要的作用。但是专家指出，即使这些资源储备量惊人，但是到2050年也只能满足世界30%的需求。文章最后两段探讨了各能源在市场上的需求，以及解决未来能源需求的其他方案。
总体来说，这篇文章理解难度不大，填空难度适中，所选词汇也都是四级考纲的词汇。选项较具有干扰项，多为c和s开头的单词，考生在考试时要特别注意。
Section B
Passage One【解析】这篇文章针对传统的男女生一起上学，一起接受教育提出了质疑。作者从文章一开头就表明了自己的看法：对于男生而言，单性教育，即男生们一起上学会对男生的身心发展更为有利。文中出现一个短语，received wisdom，即是"人们普遍的看法，公认的看法"。也是作者所批判的一种观点。传统观点认为，男生和女生混合教育会对男生发展更有利。
但是作者认为单性教育对男生有以下几个好处：可以让男生们更自由地表达自己的情感，可以学习自己感兴趣的艺术，舞蹈，音乐等学科。不用去遵守人们在传统印象中对男生的期盼。而且单性教育可以针对男生的身心发展特点而制定学习计划。
并且作者觉得，目前英国教育把女生当做关注重点，忽视了对男生的重视。
Passage Two【解析】这是一篇关于金钱对夫妻关系的影响的文章。文中第一段主要通过度假这件事来体现不同人对待金钱的不同态度。作者认为人只能活一次，如果不能去度假的话，那么工作再努力也没有意义。第二段主要谈到了大萧条时期，不太良好的经济状况常常会影响夫妻关系，可能会导致争吵，甚至会导致离婚或者分居的成本增加，对夫妻感情造成伤害。第三段讲了Kim Stephenson，一个心理学家的观点，即男人和女人对待金钱的态度是不一样的，男人把金钱看作是得到社会地位的途径，看作向父母展现自己成功的一种方式。第四段，作者建议夫妻可以对金钱持有不同的观点，但是不可以对它采取回避的态度，避而不谈。
相对来说，这篇文章的难度比较大。文章看懂并不难，但是题目中，推理题和大意题比较多，需要在充分理解作者意图，了解文章主旨的基础上，才能选出正确答案。
Part V Cloze
67.【答案】reveals
【解析】第一段提出话题，"据一项最新调查显示，现在的雇主们害怕他们雇不到符合要求的毕业生"，launch意思为"发起一场运动"，submit意为"提交，服从"，generate生成，reveal透露，揭露，显示。这里根据段意，reveal最合适。
68.【答案】staff
【解析】根据句意，基本有一半的组织机构告诉调查者他们在努力寻找具有四个方面（科学、技术、工程和数学）才能的职员。这里partners，audience, officials显然不符合题意。
69.【答案】while
【解析】这里和前面已经叙述的事实构成并列，"同时，更多公司预测，接下来的三年他们都将会遭遇雇员四缺现象（科学、技术、工程和数学知识技能欠缺）"，因此排除其他三项。选while。
70.【答案】shortages
【解析】由第二段句首struggling可判断，机构组织寻找这些人才非常不易，那么这种人才显然是不够的，短缺的。absence是表示"缺席，不在"，不能描述短缺，因此排除。此题的另一个关键是确定experience的词性，动词。
71.【答案】surveyed
【解析】第三段用一句话简介经过工业联盟调查了69个行业和组织，首先排除D和C，search是指搜查；细查某处以搜寻某人或某物，搜索；而survey是指调查某部分人的行为、意见等（通常以询问方式进行），符合题意。
72.【答案】private
【解析】根据上一题的意思，调查在公共和私人部门中展开，后面一句的together暗示and后面的这个空是和"公共的"对立的，因此填private。
73.【答案】concerned
【解析】第四段描写了这个调查的具体情况。有一半人...，这里缺少动词，confront一般和with连用，conform 符合，遵照，confuse 使混乱，使困惑，这里根据上下文的意思，雇主们都担心这种现象的发生，因此选concerned, be concerned 担心的，烦恼的，忧虑的。
74.【答案】recruit
【解析】本题考查词义辨析，三分之一的被调查者坦言他们可能顾不到符合相应资质的雇员，只有recruit符合题意。
75.【答案】As
【解析】根据句子结构判断，前半句是一个伴随状语，"随着...的深入进行，...需求越来越强"，而不是条件状语或让步状语。
76.【答案】for
【解析】这里考查介词搭配。这里侧重于描述执行进展的计划的目的，选for。
77.【答案】intensify
【解析】本题考查词义辨析。根据前文，这种需求是不断增加的，intensify 增强，强化，变激烈；dominate指在...中占主导地位，这里并没有给出一个具体的范围，不符合句意。enforce 实施，执行；stretch 伸展。
78.【答案】technical
【解析】本题比较简单，属于送分题。前卖第二段已经指出在四个方面技能欠缺，选项中显然只有technical符合文意。

79.【答案】priority
【解析】这里考查短语固定搭配。make...a top priority 让...成为首要任务，当务之急。
80.【答案】subjects
【解析】这里鼓励年轻人学习科学相关的学科，从倒数第二段也可判断。academy 学院，研究院； procedure 步骤，程序，thought 思想，不符题意，排除。
81.【答案】if
【解析】这里考查考生对前后两个完整的句子的关系的理解，主句中的would是一个虚拟语气的标志词，据此代入选项if，通读上下文，符合题意之后确定。
82.【答案】rate
【解析】词义辨析题。rate评定某人、某事物的价值；order 命令，整理；discuss 讨论，论述，observe 观察，遵守。根据文意，雇主们认为A-levels中价值最低的学科是心理学和社会学，因此选rate。
83.【答案】particular
【解析】文章指出现在雇主们需要的是具备Stem四方面素质的人才，因此许多雇主们不赞成对某一特殊学科的专业学位，而非typical典型的，general一般的，或者是积极的positive。
84.【答案】highlighted
【解析】词义辨析题。根据最后一句，该研究"强调" 对...的担忧, focus一般和on连用，其余两项意义不符。
85.【答案】workforce
【解析】词义辨析题。"提高英国劳动力的基本技能"，masses 民众，faculty 全体教员，community 社区，团体；整篇文章都在讨论就业和雇佣，显然选workforce。
86.【答案】where
【解析】考查定语关系副词。这个定语从句完整，由此判断缺少关系副词，首先排除A,B两个关系代词,再根据意思排除why。
Part VI Translation
87. Charity groups organized various activities to raise money for the survivors of the earthquake. (为地震幸存者筹款)
【解析】本题考察动词raise的用法。raise money 表示"筹款"。同时考生要注意survivor （幸存者）的拼写。
88. Linda couldn't have received my e-mail (不可能收到我的电子邮件), otherwise, she could have replied.
【解析】本题考察混合型虚拟语气。otherwise提示我们句子后半句是与过去事实相反（事实是Linda没有回复），因此用could+have+过去分词。句子前半句是在陈述一种事实，从句子后半句could have +过去分词我们可以推断前面"没有收到我的电子邮件"也是在发生在过去，且对现在产生了影响（还没有收到回信），因此这里用现在完成时，could have +过去分词。
89. It's my mother who/that keeps encouraging me not to lose heart (一直鼓励我不要灰心) when I have difficulties in my study.
【解析】本题考察了强调句型和动词encourage的搭配。①强调句型it's ... that/who... ②encourage sb. (not) to do sth. 鼓励某人（不）做某事。
90. The publishing house has to consider the popularity of this novel. (考虑这本小说的受欢迎程度)。
【解析】本题考察了"考虑"的表达，可以用动词consider，也可以用词组take... into consideration。同时考生要注意名词popularity (受欢迎程度) 的拼写。
91. It's wrong to define happiness only by money.(仅仅以金钱来定义幸福)
【解析】本题考察了"定义"的表达，为define。 

2011年6月大学英语四级真题

Part I	Writing	(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write a short essay on the topic of Online Shopping. You should write at least 120 words following the outline given below:
1．现在网上购物已成为一种时尚
2．网上购物有很多好处，但也有不少问题
3．我的建议
Online Shopping
注意：此部分试题在答题卡1上。


Part II		Reading Comprehension (Skimming and Scanning)		     (15 minutes)
Directions: In this part, you will have 15 minutes to go over the passage quickly and answer the questions on Answer Sheet 1. For questions 1-7, choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). For questions 8-10, complete the sentences with the information given in the passage.
British Cuisine: the Best of Old and New
   British cuisine (烹饪) has come of age in recent years as chefs (厨师) combine the best of old and new.
   Why does British food have a reputation for being so bad? Because it is bad! Those are not the most encouraging words to hear just before eating lunch at one of Hong Kong's smartest British restaurants, Alfie's by KEE, but head chef Neil Tomes has more to say.
   "The past 15 years or so have been a noticeable period of improvement for food in England," the English chef says, citing the trend in British cuisine for better ingredients, preparation and cooking methods, and more appealing presentation. Chefs such as Delia Smith, Nigel Slater, Jamie Oliver and Gordon Ramsay made the public realise that cooking - and eating - didn't have to be a boring thing. And now, most of the British public is familiar even with the extremes of Heston BlumenthaPs molecular gastronomy, a form of cooking that employs scientific methods to create the perfect dish.
   "It's no longer the case that the common man in England is embarrassed to show he knows about food," Tomes says.
   There was plenty of room for improvement. The problems with the nation's cuisine can be traced back to the Second World War. Before the War, much of Britain's food was imported and when German U-boats began attacking ships bringing food to the country, Britain went on rations (配给).
   "As rationing came to an end in the 1950s, technology picked up and was used to mass-produce food," Tomes says. "And by then people were just happy to have a decent quantity of food in their kitchens."
   They weren't looking for cured meats, organic produce or beautiful presentation; they were looking for whatever they could get their hands on, and this prioritisation of quantity over quality prevailed for decades, meaning a generation was brought up with food that couldn't compete with neighbouring France, Italy, Belgium or Spain.
   Before star chefs such as Oliver began making cooking fashionable, it was hard to find a restaurant in London that was open after 9pm. But in recent years the capital's culinary (烹饪的) scene has developed to the point that it is now confident of its ability to please the tastes of any international visitor.
   With the opening of Alfie's in April, and others such as The Pawn, two years ago, modern British food has made its way to Hong Kong. "With British food, I think that Hong Kong restaurants are keeping up," says David Tamlyn, the Welsh executive chef at The Pawn in Wan Chai. "Hong Kong diners are extremely responsive to new ideas or presentations, which is good news for new dishes."
   Chefs agree that diners in Hong Kong are embracing the modern British trend. Some restaurants are modifying the recipes (菜谱) of British dishes to breathe new life into the classics, while others are using better quality ingredients but remaining true to British traditions and tastes.
   Tamlyn is in the second camp. "We select our food very particularly. We use US beef, New Zealand lamb and for our custards (牛奶蛋糊) we use Bird's Custard Powder," Tamlyn says. "Some restaurants go for custard made fresh with eggs, sugar and cream, but British custard is different, and we stay true to that."
   Matthew Hill, senior manager at the two-year-old SoHo restaurant Yorkshire Pudding, also uses better ingredients as a means of improving dishes. "There are a lot of existing perceptions about British food and so we can't alter these too much. We're a traditional British restaurant so there are some staples (主菜) that will remain essentially unchanged."
   These traditional dishes include fish and chips, steak and kidney pie and large pieces of roasted meats. At Alfie's, the newest of the British restaurants in town and perhaps the most gentlemen's club-like in design, Neil Tomes explains his passion for provenance (原产地). "Britain has started to become really proud of the food it's producing. It has excellent organic farms, beautifully crafted cheeses, high-quality meats."
   However, the British don't have a history of exporting their foodstuffs, which makes it difficult for restaurants in Hong Kong to source authentic ingredients.
   "We can get a lot of our ingredients once a week from the UK," Tamlyn explains. "But there is also pressure to buy local and save on food miles, which means we take our vegetables from the local markets, and there are a lot that work well with British staples."
   The Phoenix, in Mid-Levels, offers the widest interpretation of "British cuisine", while still trying to maintain its soul. The gastro-pub has existed in various locations in Hong Kong since 2002. Singaporean head chef Tommy Teh Kum Chai offers daily specials on a blackboard, rather than sticking to a menu. This enables him to reinterpret British cuisine depending on what is available in the local markets.
   "We use a lot of ingredients that people wouldn't perhaps associate as British, but are presented in a British way. Bell peppers stuffed with couscous, alongside ratatouille, is a very popular dish."
   Although the ingredients may not strike diners as being traditional, they can be found in dishes across Britain.
   Even the traditional chefs are aware of the need to adapt to local tastes and customs, while maintaining the Britishness of their cuisine.
   At Yorkshire Pudding, Hill says that his staff asks diners whether they would like to share their meals. Small dishes, shared meals and "mixing it up" is not something commonly done in Britain, but Yorkshire Pudding will bring full dishes to the table and offer individual plates for each diner. "That way, people still get the presentation of the dishes as they were designed, but can carve them up however they like," Hill says.
   This practice is also popular at The Pawn, although largely for rotisseries (烤肉馆), Tamlyn says. "Some tables will arrive on a Sunday, order a whole chicken and a shoulder of lamb or a baby pig, and just stay for hours enjoying everything we bring out for them."
   Some British traditions are too sacred (神圣的) to mess with, however, Tomes says. "I'd never change a full English breakfast."
注意：此部分试题请在答题卡1上作答。
1.	What is British food generally known for?
A) Its unique flavour.	C) Its special cooking methods.
B) Its bad taste.	D) Its organic ingredients.
2.	The Second World War led to	in Britain.
A) an inadequate supply of food		C) an increase in food import
B) a decrease of grain production		D) a change in people's eating habits
3.	Why couldn't Britain compete with some of its neighbouring countries in terms of food in the post-war decades?
A) Its food lacked variety.	C) It was short of well-trained chefs.
B) Its people cared more for quantity.	D) It didn't have flavourful food ingredients.
4.	With culinary improvement in recent years, London's restaurants are now able to appeal to the tastes of	.
A) most young people	C) all kinds of overseas visitors
B) elderly British diners	D) upper-class customers
5.	What do Hong Kong diners welcome, according to Welsh executive chef David Tamlyn?
A) Authentic classic cuisine.	C) New ideas and presentations.
B) Locally produced ingredients.	D) The return of home-style dishes.
6.	While using quality ingredients, David Tamlyn insists that the dishes should	.
A) benefit people's health	C) be offered at reasonable prices
B) look beautiful and inviting	D) maintain British traditional tastes
7.	Why does Neil Tomes say he loves food ingredients from Britain?
A) They appeal to people from all over the world.
B) They are produced on excellent organic farms.
C) They are processed in a scientific way.
D) They come in a great variety.
8. Tamlyn says that besides importing ingredients from Britain once a week, his restaurant also buys vegetables from _______.
9. The Phoenix in Mid-Levels may not use British ingredients, but presents its dishes ______.
10. Yorkshire Pudding is a restaurant which will bring full dishes to the table but offer plates to those diners who would like to _______.


Part III	Listening Comprehension	(35 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear 8 short conversations and2 long conversations. At the end of each conversation, one or more questions will be asked about what was said. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After each question there will be a pause. During the pause, you must read the four choices marked A), B), C) and D), and decide which is the best answer. Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答。
11.	A) He is careless about his appearance.
B) He is ashamed of his present condition.
C) He changes jobs frequently.
D) He shaves every other day.
12.	A) Jane may be caught in a traffic jam.
B) Jane should have started a little earlier.
C) He knows what sort of person Jane is.
D) He is irritated at having to wait for Jane.
13.	A) Training for the Mid-Atlantic Championships.
B) Making preparations for a trans-Atlantic trip.
C) Collecting information about baseball games.
D) Analyzing their rivals' on-field performance.
14.	A) He had a narrow escape in a car accident.
B) He is hospitalized for a serious injury.
C) He lost his mother two weeks ago.
D) He has been having a hard time.
15.	A) The woman has known the speaker for a long time.
B) The man had difficulty understanding the lecture.
C) The man is making a fuss about nothing.
D) The woman thinks highly of the speaker.
16.	A) He has difficulty making sense of logic.
B) Statistics and logic are both challenging subjects.
C) The woman should seek help from the tutoring service.
D) Tutoring services are very popular with students.
17.	A) Her overcoat is as stylish as Jill's.	C) Jill wore the overcoat last week.
B) Jill missed her class last week.	D) She is in the same class as the man.
18. A) A computer game.	C) An exciting experience.
B) An imaginary situation.	D) A vacation by the sea.

Questions 19 to 21 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
19. A) Beautiful scenery in the countryside.	C) Pain and pleasure in sports. 
   B) Dangers of cross-country skiing.		D) A sport he participates in.
20. A) He can't find good examples to illustrate his point.
B) He can't find a peaceful place to do the assignment.
C) He doesn't know how to describe the beautiful country scenery.
D) He can't decide whether to include the effort part of skiing.
21.	A) New ideas come up as you write.
B) Much time is spent on collecting data.
C) A lot of effort is made in vain.
D) The writer's point of view often changes.

Questions 22 to 25 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
22.	A) Journalist of a local newspaper.
B) Director of evening radio programs.
C) Producer of television commercials.
D) Hostess of the weekly "Business World".
23.	A) He ran three restaurants with his wife's help.
B) He and his wife did everything by themselves.
C) He worked both as a cook and a waiter.
D) He hired a cook and two local waitresses.
24.	A) He hardly needs to do any advertising nowadays.
B) He advertises a lot on radio and in newspapers.
C) He spends huge sums on TV commercials every year.
D) He hires children to distribute ads in shopping centers.
25.	A) The restaurant location.	C) The food variety.
B) The restaurant atmosphere.	D) The food price.

Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear 3 short passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear some questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答。
Passage One
Questions 26 to 28 are based on the passage you have just heard.
26. A) Its protection is often neglected by children.	B) It cannot be fully restored once damaged. 
C) There are many false notions about it. 	D) There are various ways to protect it.
27. A) It may make the wearer feel tired. 
B) It will gradually weaken the eyes of adults. 
C) It can lead to the loss of vision in children. 
D) It can permanently change the eye structure.
28. A) It can never be done even with high technology. 
B) It is the best way to restore damaged eyesight. 
C) It is a major achievement in eye surgery. 
D) It can only be partly accomplished now.

Passage Two
Questions 29 to 31 are based on the passage you have just heard.
29. A) They think they should follow the current trend. 
B) Nursing homes are well-equipped and convenient. 
C) Adult day-care centers are easily accessible. 
D) They have jobs and other commitments.
30. A) They don't want to use up all their life savings.
B) They fear they will regret it afterwards.
C) They would like to spend more time with them.
D) They don't want to see their husbands poorly treated.
31. A) Provide professional standard care.	C) Be frank and seek help from others.
B) Be affectionate and cooperative.	D) Make full use of community facilities.

Passage Three
Questions 32 to 35 are based on the passage you have just heard.
32. A) Health and safety conditions in the workplace. 
B) Rights and responsibilities of company employees.
C) Common complaints made by office workers.
D) Conflicts between labor and management.
33. A) Replace its out-dated equipment.
B) Improve the welfare of affected workers.
C) Follow government regulations strictly.
D) Provide extra health compensation.
34.	A) They requested to transfer to a safer department.
B) They quit work to protect their unborn babies.
C) They sought help from union representatives.
D) They wanted to work shorter hours.
35.	A) To show how they love winter sports.
B) To attract the attention from the media.
C) To protest against the poor working conditions.
D) To protect themselves against the cold weather.

Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear a passage three times. When the passage is read for the first time, you should listen carefully for its general idea. When the passage is read for the second time, you are required to fill in the blanks numbered from 36 to 43 with the exact words you have just heard. For blanks numbered from 44 to 46 you are required to fill in the missing information. For these blanks, you can either use the exact words you have just heard or write down the main points in your own words. Finally, when the passage is read for the third time, you should check what you have written.
注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答。
　　Contrary to the old warning that time waits for no one, time slows down when you are on the move. It also slows down more as you move faster, which means astronauts (宇航员) someday may (36) _____ so long in space that they would return to an Earth of the (37) _____ future. If you could move at the speed of light, your time would stand still. If you could move faster than light, your time would move (38) _____.
　　Although no form of matter yet (39) _____ moves as fast as or faster than light, (40) _____ experiments have already confirmed that accelerated (41) _____ causes a traveler's time to be stretched. Albert Einstein (42) _____ this in 1905, when he (43) _____ the concept of relative time as part of his Special Theory of Relativity. A search is now under way to confirm the suspected existence of particles of matter (44) ____________________________________.
　　An obsession (沉迷) with time - saving, gaining, wasting, losing, and mastering it - (45) ____________________________________. Humanity also has been obsessed with trying to capture the meaning of time. Einstein (46) ____________________________________. Thus, time and time's relativity are measurable by any hourglass, alarm clock, or an atomic clock that can measure a billionth of a second.


Part IV		Reading Comprehension (Reading in Depth)		  (25 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
Questions 47 to 56 are based on the following passage.
　　The popular notion that older people need less sleep than younger adults is a myth, scientists said yesterday.
　　While elderly people __47__ to sleep for fewer hours than they did when they were younger, this has a(n) __48__ effect on their brain's performance and they would benefit from getting more, according to research.
　　Sean Drummond, a. psychiatrist (心理医生) at the University of California, San Diego, said older people are more likely to suffer from broken sleep, while younger people are better at sleeping __49__ straight through the night.
　　More sleep in old age, however, is __50__ with better health, and most older people would feel better and more __51__ if they slept for longer periods, he said.
　　"The ability to sleep in one chunk (整块时间) overnight goes down as we age but the amount of sleep we need to __52__ well does not change," Dr Drummond told the American Association for the Advancement of Science conference in San Diego.
　　"It's __53__ a myth that older people need less sleep. The more healthy an older adult is, the more they sleep like they did when they were __54__. Our data suggests that older adults would benefit from __55__ to get as much sleep as they did in their 30s. That's __56__ from person to person, but the amount of sleep we had at 35 is probably the same amount as we need at 75."
注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答。
A) alertI) formallyB) associatedJ) functionC) attractingK) mixedD) clingL) negativeE) continuingM) sufficientF) definitelyN) tendG) differentO) younger
Section B
Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A), B), C) and D). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 57 to 61 are based on the following passage.
   Several recent studies have found that being randomly (随机地) assigned to a roommate of another race can lead to increased tolerance but also to a greater likelihood (可能性) of conflict.
   Recent reports found that lodging with a student of a different race may decrease prejudice and compel students to engage in more ethnically diverse friendships.
   An Ohio State University study also found that black students living with a white roommate saw higher academic success throughout their college careers. Researchers believe this may be caused by social pressure.
   In a New York Times article, Sam Boakye - the only black student on his freshman year floor -said that "if you're surrounded by whites, you have something to prove."
Researchers also observed problems resulting from pairing interracial students in residences.
   According to two recent studies, randomly assigned roommates of different races are more likely to experience conflicts so strained that one roommate will move out.
   An Indiana University study found that interracial roommates were three times as likely as two white roommates to no longer live together by the end of the semester.
   Grace Kao, a professor at Penn said she was not surprised by the findings. "This may be the first time that some of these students have interacted, and lived, with someone of a different race," she said.
At Penn, students are not asked to indicate race when applying for housing.
   "One of the great things about freshman housing is that, with some exceptions, the process throws you together randomly," said Undergraduate Assembly chairman Alec Webley. "This is the definition of integration."
   "I've experienced roommate conflicts between interracial students that have both broken down stereotypes and reinforced stereotypes," said one Penn resident advisor (RA). The RA of two years added that while some conflicts "provided more multicultural acceptance and melding (融合)," there were also "jarring cultural confrontations."
   The RA said that these conflicts have also occurred among roommates of the same race.
   Kao said she cautions against forming any generalizations based on any one of the studies, noting that more background characteristics of the students need to be studied and explained.
注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答。
57. What can we learn from some recent studies?
A) Conflicts between students of different races are unavoidable.
B) Students of different races are prejudiced against each other.
C) Interracial lodging does more harm than good.
D) Interracial lodging may have diverse outcomes.
58. What does Sam Boakye's remark mean?
A) White students tend to look down upon their black peers.
B) Black students can compete with their white peers academically.
C) Black students feel somewhat embarrassed among white peers during the freshman year.
D) Being surrounded by white peers motivates a black student to work harder to succeed.
59. What does the Indiana University study show?
A) Interracial roommates are more likely to fall out.
B) Few white students like sharing a room with a black peer.
C) Roommates of different races just don't get along.
D) Assigning students' lodging randomly is not a good policy.
60. What does Alec Webley consider to be the "definition of integration"?
A) Students of different races are required to share a room.
B) Interracial lodging is arranged by the school for freshmen.
C) Lodging is assigned to students of different races without exception.
D) The school randomly assigns roommates without regard to race.
61. What does Grace Kao say about interracial lodging?
A) It is unscientific to make generalizations about it without further study.
B) Schools should be cautious when making decisions about student lodging.
C) Students' racial background should be considered before lodging is assigned.
D) Experienced resident advisors should be assigned to handle the problems.

Passage Two
Questions 62 to 66 are based on the following passage.
　　Global warming is causing more than 300,000 deaths and about $125 billion in economic losses each year, according to a report by the Global Humanitarian Forum, an organization led by Annan, the former United Nations secretary general.
　　The report, to be released Friday, analyzed data and existing studies of health, disaster, population and economic trends. It found that human-influenced climate change was raising the global death rates from illnesses including malnutrition (营养不良) and heat-related health problems.
　　But even before its release, the report drew criticism from some experts on climate and risk, who questioned its methods and conclusions.
　　Along with the deaths, the report said that the lives of 325 million people, primarily in poor countries, were being seriously affected by climate change. It projected that the number would double by 2030.
　　Roger Pielke Jr., a political scientist at the University of Colorado, Boulder, who studies disaster trends, said the Forum's report was "a methodological embarrassment" because there was no way to distinguish deaths or economic losses related to human-driven global warming amid the much larger losses resulting from the growth in populations and economic development in vulnerable (易受伤害的) regions. Dr. Pielke said that "climate change is an important problem requiring our utmost attention." But the report, he said, "will harm the cause for action on both climate change and disasters because it is so deeply flawed (有瑕疵的)."
   However, Soren Andreasen, a social scientist at Dalberg Global Development Partners who supervised the writing of the report, defended it, saying that it was clear that the numbers were rough estimates. He said the report was aimed at world leaders, who will meet in Copenhagen in December to negotiate a new international climate treaty.
   In a press release describing the report, Mr. Annan stressed the need for the negotiations to focus on increasing the flow of money from rich to poor regions to help reduce their vulnerability to climate hazards while still curbing the emissions of the heat-trapping gases. More than 90% of the human and economic losses from climate change are occurring in poor countries, according to the report.
62.	What is the finding of the Global Humanitarian Forum?
A) Global temperatures affect the rate of economic development.
B) Rates of death from illnesses have risen due to global warming.
C) Malnutrition has caused serious health problems in poor countries.
D) Economic trends have to do with population and natural disasters.
63.	What do we learn about the Forum's report from the passage?
A) It was challenged by some climate and risk experts.
B) It aroused a lot of interest in the scientific circles.
C) It was warmly received by environmentalists.
D) It caused a big stir in developing countries.
64.	What does Dr. Pielke say about the Forum's report?
A) Its statistics look embarrassing.		C) It deserves our closest attention.
B) It is invalid in terms of methodology. 	D) Its conclusion is purposely exaggerated.
65.	What is Soren Andreasen's view of the report?
A) Its conclusions are based on carefully collected data.
B) It is vulnerable to criticism if the statistics are closely examined.
C) It will give rise to heated discussions at the Copenhagen conference.
D) Its rough estimates are meant to draw the attention of world leaders.
66.	What does Kofi Annan say should be the focus of the Copenhagen conference?
A) How rich and poor regions can share responsibility in curbing global warming.
B) How human and economic losses from climate change can be reduced.
C) How emissions of heat-trapping gases can be reduced on a global scale.
D) How rich countries can better help poor regions reduce climate hazards.


Part V	Cloze	(15 minutes)
Directions: There are 20 blanks in the following passage. For each blank there are four choices marked A), B), C) and D) on the right side of the paper. You should choose the ONE that best fits into the passage. Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答。
　　When it comes to eating smart for your heart, thinking about short-term fixes and simplify life with a straightforward approach that will serve you well for years to come. 
　　Smart eating goes beyond analyzing every bite ad you lift __67__ your mouth. "In the past we used to believe that __68__ amounts of individual nutrients (营养物) were the __69__ to good health," Linda Van Horn, chair of the American Heart Association's Nutrition Committee. "But now we have a __70__ understanding of healthy eating and the kinds of food necessary to __71__ not only heart disease but disease __72__ general," she adds.
　　Scientists now __73__ on the broader picture of the balance of food eaten __74__ several days or a week __75__ than on the number of milligrams (毫克) of this or that __76__ at each meal.
　　Fruits, vegetables and whole grains, for example, provide nutrients and plant-based compounds __77__ for good health. "The more we learn, the more __78__ we are by the wealth of essential substances they __79__," Van Horn continues, "and how they __80__ with each other to keep us healthy."
　　You'll automatically be __81__ the right heart-healthy track if vegetables, fruits and whole grains make __82__ three quarters of the food on your dinner plate. __83__ in the remaining one quarter with lean meat or chicken, fish or eggs.
　　The foods you choose to eat as well as those you choose to __84__ clearly contribute to your well-being. Without a __85__, each of the small decisions you make in this realm can make a big __86__ on your health in the years to come.
67. A) between		B) through		C) inside		D)to
68. A) serious		B) splendid		C) specific		D) separate
69. A) key		B) point			C) lead			D) center
70. A) strict		B) different		C) typical		D) natural
71. A) rescue		B) prevent		C) forbid		D) offend
72. A) in		B) upon			C)for			D)by
73. A) turn		B)put			C) focus			D) carry
74. A) over		B) along		C) with			D)beyond
75. A) other		B) better		C) rather		D)sooner
76. A) conveyed		B) consumed		C) entered		D) exhausted
77 A) vital		B) initial		C) valid			D) radical
78. A) disturbed 		B) depressed 		C) amazed		D) amused
79. A) retain 		B) contain		C) attain			D) maintain
80. A) interfere 		B) interact		C) reckon		D) rest
81. A) at 		B)of			C) on			D) within
82. A) out 		B) into			C) off			D) up
83. A) Engage 		B) Fill			C) Insert			D) Pack
84. A) delete 		B) hinder		C) avoid			D) spoil
85. A) notion 		B) hesitation		C) reason		D) doubt
86. A) outcome 		B) function		C) impact		D) commitment


Part VI					Translation			(5 minutes)
Directions: Complete the sentences by translating into English the Chinese given in brackets. Please write your translation on Answer Sheet 2.
注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答，只需写出译文部分。
87. The university authorities did not approve the regulation, _____________________ (也没有解释为什么).
88. Jane is tired of dealing with customer complaints and wishes that she _____________________ (能被分配做另一项工作).
89. John rescued the drowning child _____________________ (冒着自己生命危险).
90. George called his boss from the airport but it _____________________ (接电话的却是他的助手).
91. Although he was interested in philosophy, _____________________ (他的父亲说服他) majoring in law.







    



答案解析
　　Part I Writing
　　标准版
　　Doing Shopping Online
　　With the development of the Internet, shopping is no longer a tiring thing. Just click your mouse to choose the articles you like, and the purchase is done. You don't even have to step out of the room. It seems all easy and quick.
　　However, people's opinions vary on this trend. Some believe that on line shopping is time and money saving. With plentiful selection options, they can buy whatever they like at any time convenient. Still others insist that mis-purchasing alone is annoying enough, not to mention the credibility of the sellers and the safety of their accounts.
　　In my opinion, the convenience and excitement of on line shopping is beyond all doubts. In the meantime, we must always bear in mind that certain traps do exist, so we'd better make sure the sellers are trustworthy before buying. In addition, we should also guard ourselves from the potential hackers who might steal our account information.
　　文章点评：
　　这是一篇"中等偏上"的学生作文。 本文先对网购热潮进行简介，引出全篇；接着对网络购物的正反两方面进行对比；最后提出自己的看法结束全篇。整体看思路清晰，逻辑严密，行文流畅，用语较为地道。
　　下面说一下这篇文章的有待提高之处：
　　1. 文章结构上，能看得出该同学试图采用议论文的"三段式"（提出问题、分析问题、解决问题）。 但是，以"With the development of the Internet"为开首语，有些落入俗套，有硬套模板的嫌疑。稍加注意，应该能写出更好的句子。
　　2. 微观语言点方面，有些语句稍显嗦，比如With plentiful selection options... 简化成With plentiful selections... 更好，意思没有丝毫减损，表达力反而增强许多。
　　高分版
　　With the help of the ever rapid development of internet technology, online shopping is coming into fashion in most of cities.
　　Online shopping is welcomed by most people due to various reasons. From the perspective of consumer, it can save some time for people who don't have much spare time. Just click the mouse, they can get whatever they want while staying at home. For the retailers, it can cut some costs for those who don't have much circulating funds. They don't have to rent a house and spend money on employees compared with the traditional trade mode. However, there are still some defects in online shopping. First, lace of face to face deal makes online shopping less reliable and trustworthy. Second, people will lose the fun of bargain.
　　It is undeniable that shopping on the internet has become an irresistible trend in modern society. It's of great urgency that we need to regulate the relative laws accordance with the rapid growth of online shopping. Only in this way can we enjoy the pleasure and convenience of online shopping without the concern of being treated.
　　点评：
　　本次四级作文探讨的是最近的热点话题之一--互联网网购。目前网购的风靡程度是众所周知，因此，考生对于该话题还是比较熟悉的。但是，比较特殊的是，题干所列出的要求的是考生从一个客观的角度来阐述该话题，而不是简单陈述自己的意见。所以，考生应当审清楚题，在写作时不仅仅要列出网购的优点，还必须给出相应的缺点。
　　按照四级作文的要求，考生在第一段时应该总述现象并引出话题；
　　第二段考生应当从正反两方面来论述网购，分别铺陈其优缺点；关于优点，网购的优点很多，考生可择其最突出显著的方面来阐述，比如说网购可以节省很多时间；网购可以节省很多成本开支等；其次，缺点方面考生可以把重心放在诚信方面；为了不至于跟优点相比，缺点方面太轻，考生可以考虑稍微提一下其他缺点，比如说与传统购物相比，网购少去了很多砍价的乐趣；
　　第三点要求考生对于第二段列出的缺点给出自己的建议。此处我们可以根据第二段列出的缺点方面给出相应的防范应对措施。
　　整篇作文话题比较好展开，难度不大，只要考生审好题，列出相应点，相信作文不会他是难题。
　　外教版
　　Online shopping has been a boon to many industries and companies looking to expand their markets. Also, it's convenient for shoppers who are too busy to leave the house. However, in some cases nothing can replace a true face to face shopping experience.
　　Internet shopping is convenient for the mothers who spend all day doing house chores and for the fathers who work a full-time job. On the other hand, there are limits to shopping online, for example: guessing the correct size of clothing on a computer screen can be very frustrating.
　　For the busy mother and father, online shopping is a very useful and convenient tool. But, there are instances, like clothes shopping, where nothing beats the real thing.
　　点评：

　　作者在第一段描述了网购作为一种时尚给大家的生活带来了便利，然后话锋一转，说网购仍然取代不了面对面的购物交流。
　　第二段主要还是从正反两方面分析了网购的优势和不足，以此描述大家对网购的不同反应。
　　第三段作者表明了自己的观点，对网购的便利和不足之处都做了描述。
　　综合来讲，本篇文章观点明确，结构清晰，语言表达地道，有不少闪光词汇，但是，内容深度上来讲还有些欠缺，另外，最后一部分表达个人观点，和第二段稍有重复。考生需要注意观点的清晰，不宜模棱两可。


　　Part II Reading Comprehension (Skimming and Scanning)
　　1. B. Its bad taste
　　解析：题干中generally known for 对应原文a reputation for，根据原文第一句Why does British food have a reputation for being so bad? Because it is bad! 可知关键词为bad，故选B。
　　2. A. an inadequate supply of production
　　解析：由题干关键词the Second World War可以定位到原文第四段，二战之前，英国的食品都是进口的，二战之后，食品供应船只遭到攻击，只能依靠配给。故选A，食品供给不足。
　　3. B. Its people cared more for quantity
　　解析：由compete with some of its neighbouring countries可以定位到原文第6段，they weren't looking for..., they were looking for..., this prioritization of quantity over quality prevailed for decades. 可见他们对数量的追求高于质量，因此选B。
　　4. C. all kinds of overseas visitors
　　解析：由题干关键词culinary定位到原文第7段，根据最后一句...its ability to please the tastes of any international visitor. 而any international visitor就等同于答案all kinds of overseas visitors。故选C.
　　5. C. New ideas and presentations
　　解析：问题是按照David Tamlyn的观点，香港的饮食者喜欢什么。先根据David Tamlyn这个人名定位到原文第八段，再根据最后一句话Hong Kong diners are extremely responsive to new ideas or presentations,...这里的are extremely responsive to在意思上等于题干中的welcome。
　　6. D. maintain British traditional tastes
　　解析：一些饭店修改菜谱，采用新样式，而另外一些则保留英式口味，再根据Tamlyn is in the second camp，可知Tamlyn属于后者，即保留原汁原味。故答案选D。
　　7. B. They are produced on excellent organic farms
　　解析：由Neil Tomes定位到原文第12段，根据最后两句话...It has excellent organic farms, beautifully crafted cheeses, high-quality meats可选出答案B，Neil Tomes喜欢英国原料的原因就在于原料产于优秀的有机农场。
　　8. the local markets
　　解析：根据原文，... which means we take our vegetables from the local markets, ...即除了从英国直接进口，还有部分蔬菜从本地市场购买的。
　　9. in a British way
　　解析：先定位到The Phoenix那一段，再找到下一段，We use a lot of ingredients that people wouldn't perhaps associate as British, but are presented in a British way.
　　10. share their meals
　　解析：At Yorkshire Pudding, Hill says that his staff asks diners whether they would like to share their meals.餐厅之所以在上菜之后再供应碟子，原因就在于可能会有人愿意和别人分享食物。
　　Part III Listening Comprehension
　　Section A
　　11.
　　M: Shawn's been trying for months to find a job. But I wonder how he could get a job when he looks like that.
　　W: Oh, that poor guy! He really should shave himself every other day at least and put on something clean.
　　Q: What do we learn about Shawn?
　　答案：A. He is careless about his appearance.
　　解析： 男生 首先对肖恩能否找到工作表示怀疑，因为他邋遢。 女生 接着提到肖恩不修边幅，又说他应该每隔一天刮一次胡子，把自己弄得整洁干净一点。由此可知，肖恩是一个对仪容仪表不太注重，比较粗线条的人shave，刮胡子；be careless about不在乎，不介意；
　　12.
　　W: I wish Jane would call when she know she'll be late. This is not the first time we've had to wait for her.
　　M: I agree. But she does have to drive through very heavy traffic to get here.
　　Q: What does the man imply?
　　答案：A. Jane maybe caught in a traffic jam.
　　解析：本题是推理题，在做题时要注意仔细推敲。女生说："Jane已经不是第一次迟到让我们等了，我希望她能事先打电话告诉我们一下"，可见女生对Jane迟到的作法是不满的。
　　男生又说："I agree. But she does have to drive through very heavy traffic to get here."（我同意。但是她到这里的确要遭受很拥堵的交通。）由此得出，男生对此事的态度是理解或宽容的。Jane可能被堵在半路了。
　　13.
　　M: Congratulations! I heard your baseball team is going to the Middle Atlantic Championship.
　　W: Yeah, we're all working real hard right now!
　　Q: What is the woman's team doing?
　　答案：A. Training for the Mid-Atlantic Championship.
　　解析：对话开头男生提到女生所在的棒球队要参加Mid-Atlantic Championship.女生说："we're all working real hard right now!"（我们现在正紧锣密鼓地练习呢！）由此可知，女生所在的棒球队正在进行赛前训练。
　　此题还有一个迷惑选项B, Making preparations for a trans-Atlantic trip,必须注意的是：这里并不是准备旅行，而是准备参赛。
　　14.
　　W: John's been looking after his mother in the hospital. She was injured in a car accident two weeks ago and still in critical condition.
　　M: Oh, that's terrible. And you know his father passed away last year.
　　Q: What do we learn about John?
　　答案：D. He has been having a hard time.
　　解析：根据听力原文可知，"John's mother is in the hospital and his father died last year."（约翰的母亲出车祸住院了，父亲两年前也过世了）由此可见，John的近况还是蛮悲惨的；答案也就显而易见了。
　　15.
　　M: What a boring speaker! I can hardly stay awake.
　　W: Well, I don't know. In fact, I think it's been a long time since I've heard anyone is good.
　　Q: What do we learn from the conversation?
　　答案：D The woman thinks highly of the speaker
　　解析：根据听力原文可知，男生觉得演讲无趣，女生却很淡定地说："其实我已经很久没有听到那么好的发言了"。由此可见，女生对发言还是很肯定的。选项D中"thinks highly of"即"对...评价高"，故D是正确答案。
　　16.
　　W: I'm having a lot of trouble with logic and it seems my professor can't explain it in a way that makes sense to me.
　　M: You know, there is a tutoring service on campus. I was about to drop statistics before they helped me out.
　　Q: What does the man mean?
　　答案：C. The woman should seek help from tutoring services.
　　解析：首先女生说她逻辑学得很辛苦，接受不了老师的讲课方式也理解不了课程内容。
　　而后男生说学校有辅导班，他在参加之前几乎要挂科了，辅导班帮了他大忙。言下之意是推荐女生也去上辅导班。
　　17.
　　M: This is a stylish overcoat. I saw you wearing it last week, did't I?
　　W: Oh, that wasn't me. That was my sister Jill. She's in your class.
　　Q: What does the woman mean?
　　答案：C. Jill wore the overcoat last week.
　　解析：首先男生问女生上周是否穿过拉风外套，然后女生说：" That was my sister Jill. She's in your class."（那是我姐姐Jill，她和你同班）也就是说男生很有可能看到的那个穿着拉风外套的人是女生的姐姐Jill。
　　18.
　　M: Jane, suppose you lost all your money while taking a vacation overseas, what would you do?
　　W: Well, I guess I'd sell my watch or computer or do some odd jobs till I could afford a return plane ticket.
　　Q: What are the speakers talking about?
　　答案：B. An imaginary situation.
　　解析：根据原文录音可知，对话开头男生讲到："Jane, suppose you lost all your money while taking a vacation overseas, what would you do? "这里的"suppose"表明"假定、料想"由此可见，两人谈论的是一个虚拟场景。
　　Conversation One
　　听力原文
　　M: Hello, professor Johnson.
　　W: Hello, Tony. So what shall we work on today?
　　M: Well, the problem is that this writing assignment isn't coming out right. What I thought I was writing on was to talk about what particular sport means to me when I participate in,
　　W: What sport did you choose?
　　M: I decided to write about cross-country skiing.
　　W: What are you going to say about skiing?
　　M: That's the problem. I thought I would write about how peaceful it is to be out in the country.
　　W: So why is that a problem?
　　M: As I start describing how quiet it is to be out in the woods. I keep mentioning how much effort it takes to keep going. Cross-country skiing isn't as easy as some people think. It takes a lot of energy, but that's not part of my paper. So I guess I should leave it out. But now I don't know how to explain that feeling of peacefulness without explaining how hard you have to work for it. It all fits together. It's not like just sitting down somewhere and watching the clouds roll by. That's different.
　　W: Then you'll have to include that in your point. The peacefulness of cross-country skiing is the kind you earn by effort. Why leave that out? Part of your point you knew before hand but part you discovered as you wrote. That's common, right?
　　M: Yeah, I guess so.
　　Q19: What is the topic of the man's writing assignment?
　　C) Pain and pleasure in sports
　　Q20: What problem does the man have while working on his paper?
　　D) He can't decide whether to include the effort part of skiing.
　　Q21: What does the woman say is common in writing papers?
　　A) New ideas come up as you write.
　　19. D) A sport he participates in
　　解析：题目问的是，男生论文的主题是什么，从talk about what particular sport means to me when I participate in一句中，可得对应选项D。C选项是一个干扰项，pain and pleasure in sports, 意为运动中的痛苦与快乐，其中sports一词范围太大，对话中只谈到了cross-country skiing, 因此，C选项错。
　　20. D) He can't decide whether to include the effort part of skiing.
　　解析：当男生打算将越野滑雪的艰辛剔除出论文时，教授说了一句"Then you'll have to include that in your point."对应选项D
　　21. A) New ideas come up as you write.
　　解析：在对话的最后，教授提到"Part of your point you knew before hand but part you discovered as you wrote. That's common, right?"这句话意思是说，在写论文之前，论点的一部分我们已经有了，但另一部分在写的过程中才会发现，因此，对应选项A。A选项与D选项较易混淆，但从教授的话中，我们可以看出，不是论点发生变化，而是在写作过程中，会有新的想法产生。
　　这篇长对话因为是围绕论文写作展开，而且涉及了一项我们中国人并不熟悉的运动，越野滑雪，因此，乍听之下，有些小抽象，小陌生。但细听之后，我们会发现，文中有一大段都提到了男生在写作中遇到的纠结处，那就是越野滑雪的畅快和由此所付出的艰辛，文章的主旨自然呼之欲出了。
　　这篇对话主要考察对文章大意的理解，而不是纠结于一词一句的得失，因此，大家在做题时，也要注意把握主干，不要因为听到了一个自己不太熟悉的运动就舍本逐末。
　　Conversation Two
　　W: Good evening and welcome to this week's Business World.
　　It program for and about business people. Tonight we have Mr. Angeleno who came to the US six years ago, and is now an established businessman with three restaurants in town.Tell us Mr. Angeleno, how did you get started?
　　M: Well I started off with a small diner. I did all the cooking myself and my wife waited on tables. It was really too much work for two people. My cooking is great. And word got around town about the food. Within a year, I had to hire another cook and four waitresses. When that restaurant became very busy, I decided to expand my business. Now with three places my main concern is keeping the business successful and running smoothly.
　　W: Do you advertise?
　　M: Oh yes. I don't have any TV commercials, because they are too expensive. But I advertise a lot on radio and in local newspapers. My children used to distribute ads. in nearby shopping centres, but we don't need to do that anymore.
　　W: Why do you believe you've been so successful?
　　M: Em, I always serve the freshest possible food and I make the atmosphere as comfortable and as pleasant as I can, so that my customers will want to come back.
　　W: So you always aim to please the customers?
　　M: Absolutely!Without them I would have no business at all.
　　W: Thank you Mr.Angeleno.I think your advice will be helpfull to those just staring out in business.
　　Questions 23 to 25 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
　　22 What is the woman's occupation
　　D) Hostess of the weekly "Business World"
　　23 what do we learn about Mr.Angeleno's business at its beginning
　　B) He and his wife did everything by themselves.
　　24 what does Mr. Angeleno say about advertising his business.
　　B) He advertises a lot on radio and in newspapers.
　　25 What does the man say contribute to his success?
　　B) The restaurant atmosphere
　　22. D) Hostess of the weekly "Business World"
　　解析：从对话中可以听出，这是一个访谈节目，因此这个女性是节目主持人。
　　23. B) He and his wife did everything by themselves.
　　解析：题目问的是，刚开始的时候，Angeleno的生意怎么样？对话中提到，I did all the cooking myself and my wife waited on tables. Angeleno负责做菜，他妻子负责接待，对应选项B。
　　24. B) He advertises a lot on radio and in newspapers.
　　解析：从But I advertise a lot on radio and in local newspapers. 一句中，可以得到对应选项。
　　25. B) The restaurant atomsphere
　　解析：题目问的是，什么有助于餐厅的成功？对话中提到，I always serve the freshest possible food and I make the atmosphere as comfortable and as pleasant as I can, so that my customers will want to come back. 可见，Angeleno会提供尽可能新鲜的食物和舒适的用餐环境以吸引顾客，因此，对应选项B，也许，有童鞋会问，为什么不选C？注意，C选项是指各种各样的食物，与文意中"新鲜的食物"不符，是错误选项。
　　这篇对话是一篇较为简单的访谈节目，主要涉及一些细节问题，其中，关键细节包括餐馆经营情况，广告宣传情况等，也是考点所在。童鞋们在听时，可以相应地做些简单的笔记，从而准确地选出选项。
　　Section B
　　Passage One
　　There are many commonly held beliefs about eye glasses and eyesight that are not proven facts. For instance, some people believe that wearing glasses too soon weakens the eyes. But there is no evidence to show that the structure of eyes is changed by wearing glasses at a young age. Wearing the wrong glasses, however, can prove harmful. Studies show that for adults there is no danger, but children can develop loss of vision if they have glasses inappropriate for their eyes.
　　We have all heard some of the common myths about how eyesight gets bad. Most people believe that reading in dim light causes poor eyesight, but that is untrue. Too little light makes the eyes work harder, so they do get tired and strained. Eyestrain also results from reading a lot, reading in bed, and watching too much television. However, although eyestrain may cause some pain or headaches, it does not permanently damage eyesight.
　　Another myth about eyes is that they can be replaced, or transferred from one person to another. There are close to one million nerve fibres that connect the eyeball to the brain, as of yet it is impossible to attach them all in a new person. Only certain parts of the eye can be replaced. But if we keep clearing up the myths and learning more about the eyes, some day a full transplant may be possible.
　　篇章类型及提要：论证文
　　听力点睛：
　　本文主要介绍关于纠正一些对眼镜及视力的常识的错误认识。注意文章首句"There are many commonly held beliefs about eye glasses and eyesight that are not proven facts." 通常这种文章首句就是主旨句。这是做听力短文题必须要高度关注的。接下去可以推测下面内容必然围绕主题句展开，通过举例等来论证作者要表明的观点。所以听的时候也要高度专注那些关键词句，如for instance, however, but, evidence, although, Studies show that...这些关键词句后面的内容是听力常考的地方。最后文章给出一个总结句呼吁人们破除固有的一些认识，去更多了解我们的眼睛，头尾呼应。
　　Questions 26 to 28 are based on the passage you have just heard.
　　26. What does the speaker want to tell us about eyesight?
　　答案：C）There are many false notions about it.
　　解析：从"eyesight" 可以把答案定位于第一段，关键词有"weakens the eyes" "loss of vision". 注意题目中是问speaker要告诉我们的，所以不要被some people believe...误导，看清题目要问什么很重要。容易混淆的是A选项，文中提到如果孩子戴不合适的眼镜会使孩子的视力减弱，但并没有提到孩子经常忽视保护视力。B、D选项文中没有提及，可以排除。
　　27. What do studies about wearing the wrong glasses show?
　　答案：C）It can lead to the loss of vision in children.
　　解析：本题关键词是"studies" "wearing the wrong glasses". 文章中作者很明显地给出了"Studies show that for adults..." 因此了解这个后面的内容，做出本题难度不大。文中说到 "for adults there is no danger" ，因此排除B选项。"there is no evidence... the structure of eyes is changed" "it does not permanently damage eyesight"可以排除D选项，注意如果漏听了no，很可能就会选错。A选项前文没有提及，可以排除。
　　28.What do we learn about eye transplanting from the talk?
　　答案：D）It can only be partly accomplished now.
　　解析：本题关键词"eye transplanting"，迅速定位于听力后面部分。A、B、C选项文中没有提及，排除。文章最后部分"Only certain parts of the eye can be replaced" "Only certain parts of the eye can be replaced"可以推断出答案是D选项。
　　Passage Two
　　When people care for an elderly relative, they often do not use available community services such as adult daycare centers. If the caregivers are adult children, they are more likely to use such services, especially because they often have jobs and other responsibilities. In contrast, a spouse usually the wife, is much less likely to use support services or to put the dependent person in a nursing home. Social workers discover that the wife normally tries to take care of her husband herself for as long as she can in order not to use up their life savings. Researchers have found that caring for the elderly can be a very positive experience. The elderly appreciated the care and attention they received. They were affectionate and cooperative. However, even when caregiving is satisfying, it is hard work. Social workers and experts on aging offer caregivers and potential caregivers help when arranging for the care of an elderly relative. One consideration is to ask parents what they want before they become sick or dependent. Perhaps they prefer going into a nursing home and can select one in advance. On the other hand, they may want to live with their adult children. Caregivers must also learn to state their needs and opinions clearly and ask for help from others especially brothers and sisters. Brothers and sisters are often willing to help, but they may not know what to do
　　Questions 29 to 32 are based on the passage you have just heard.
　　29. Why are adult children more likely to use community services to help care for elderly parents?
　　答案：D）They have jobs and other commitments.
　　解析：细节题。本题询问原因，文章开头很快就给出了本题答案"because they often have jobs and other responsibilities." 注意D选项中的commitments的意思是 "承诺，保证；承担义务"和responsibilities意思相近。这也是四级考试中常见的选项设置，用同义词或近义词替换掉文中的词汇。这要求考试在备考时，重点词汇及其同义词反义词都要有所了解。其他选项文中没有提及，可排除。
　　30. Why are most wives unwilling to put their dependent husbands into nursing homes?
　　答案：A) They don't want to use up all their life savings.
　　解析：细节题。关键词"wives"" husbands"。本题不难，文章中已经直接给出答案" in order not to use up their life savings"。
　　31. According to the passage, what must caregivers learn to do?
　　31. According to the passage, what must caregivers learn to do?
　　答案：C）Be frank and seek help from others.
　　解析：关键词"caregivers""learn to do"，问看护人应该要学会做的事情，然后迅速定位于最后部分，"One consideration is to ask..."，"Caregivers must also learn to state..." 主要有两件事情，C选项是其中一个，另外一个选项中没有，排除A、B和D选项。
　　Passage Three
　　Since a union representative visited our company to inform us about our rights and protections. My coworkers have been worrying about health conditions and complaining about safety hazards in the workplace. Several of the employees in the computer department, for example, claim to be developing vision problems from having to stare at a video display terminal for about 7 hours a day. The supervisor of the laboratory is beginning to get headaches and dizzy spells because she says it's dangerous to breathe some of the chemical smoke there. An X-rays technician is refusing to do her job until the firm agrees to replace its out-dated equipment. She insists that it's exposing workers to unnecessarily high doses of radiation. She thinks that she may have to contact the Occupational Safety and Health Administration and asked that government agency to inspect the department. I've heard that at a factory in the area two pregnant women who were working with paint requested a transfer to a safer department, because they wanted to prevent damage to their unborn babies. The supervisor of personnel refused the request. In another firm the workers were constantly complaining about the malfunctioning heating system, but the owners was too busy or too mean to do anything about it. Finally, they all met an agree to wear ski-clothing to work the next day. The owner was too embarrassed to talk to his employees. But he had the heating system replaced right away.
　　Questions 32- 35 are based on the passage you have just heard.
　　32 What does the talk focus on?
　　A) Health and safety conditions in workplace.
　　解析：主旨题。本题简单，了解了文章主要内容后，就可以直接选出答案。注意不要被文章中员工们得对工作环境的complaints影响而混淆了。
　　33 What did the X-ray technician ask her company to do?
　　Replace its out-dated equipments.
　　答案：A）Replace its out-dated equipments.
　　解析：细节题。作者有直接读出答案，比较简单。
　　34 What does the speaker say about the two pregnant women working with paint?
　　A) They requested to transfer to a safer department.
　　答案：A) They requested to transfer to a safer department.
　　解析：细节题。作者有直接读出答案，比较简单。注意选B选项的同学可能犯了想当然的错误。做题还是要按照文章的事实根据来。
　　35 Why did the workers in the firm wear ski-clothing to work?
　　C) To protest against the poor working conditions.
　　答案：C）To protest against the poor working conditions.
　　解析：推理题。本题容易误选D选项。因为是heating system出了故障。但通过下文"too embarrassed""had the heating system replaced right away" 从老板的反应及采取的措施可以推断出，员工们穿滑雪服地原因其实为对差的工作环境向老板提出抗议。
　　Section C Compound Dictation
　　Contrary to the old warning that time waits for no one, time slows down when you are on the move. It also slows down more as you move faster, which means astronauts（宇航员） some day may survive so long in space that they would return to an earth of the distant future. If you could move at the speed of light, your time would stand still, if you could move faster than light, your time would move backward.
　　Although no form of matter yet discovered, moves as fast as or faster than light, scientific experiments has already confirmed that accelerated motion causes a traveler's time to be stretched. Albert Einstein predicted this in 1905, when he introduced the concept of relative time as part of his special theory of relativity. A search is now under way to confirm the suspected existence of particles of matter that move at a speed greater than light, and therefore, might serve as our passports to the past. An obsession with time - saving, gaining, wasting, losing and mastering it - seems to have been a part of humanity for as long as human have existed. Humanity also has been obsessed with trying to capture the meaning of time. Einstein used a definition of time for experimental purposes, as that which is measured by a clock. Thus time and time's relativity are measurable by any hour glass, alarm clock, or atomic clock that can measure a billionth of a second.
　　本文提要：
　　本篇属于科技类文章，主要围绕时间和运动的关系展开；用谚语开篇引出全文，很有吸引力。中间引用爱因斯坦的相对论相关概念，具体阐述主题。
　　答案：
　　36. survive
　　解析：文章描述：运动越快，时间变慢得也更快，这也就意味着宇航员有朝一日可以在太空中生存（survive）很久，如此一来他们就可以在遥远（distant）的未来重返地球。
　　37. distant
　　解析：这个空在future 前面，所以预判该填形容词常用搭配无非near，close， distant等 ，根据听力原文，如上所述，确定是遥远的未来；填distant。
　　38. backward
　　解析：速度达到光速，时间静止；根据常识推断，若速度快于光速，那么时间将后退，即move backward，根据听力原文可确定这一推断。
　　39. discovered
　　解析：空缺部分作后置定语，从音频可知是发现(discovered)，用其过去完成时态。
　　40. scientific
　　解析：该空后接名词，应为形容词，scientific。
　　41. motion
　　解析：
　　原文描述，实验已证明运动加快会使宇航员的时间延长。这里的运动为motion。
　　42. predicted
　　解析：爱因斯坦在1905年时作出预测，用过去时predicted。
　　43. introduced
　　解析：这是爱因斯坦提出的一个相对时间的概念，用过去时introduced。
　　44. that move at a speed greater than light, and therefore, might serve as our passports to the past.
　　解析：当下进行的研究旨在证实，是否有这样的物质，即能以超光速运行，并可以作为我们回归过去的"通行证"。填句只需意思相近就可以，关键抓住核心：超光速运行，可帮助人类回到过去。
　　45. seems to have been a part of humanity for as long as human have existed.
　　解析：人类对时间的节约，获取，浪费以及流失等的着迷，自人类诞生以来就一直是其生活的一部分。核心：人类诞生以来就一直存在的，如影随形的。
　　46. used a definition of time for experimental purposes, as that which is measured by a clock.
　　解析：人类也对时间的含义非常着迷，爱因斯坦就曾提出一个试验性的定义，这个定义下的时间可以用钟表来测量。核心意思：试验性的定义，可以用钟表来测量。

　　解题密钥：
　　听类似文章时首先要注意把握逻辑结构，也即听第一遍听时把握大意，先不要急于填写所有空缺，重点是要缕清思路，听懂文章在说什么，记录关键信息词；有了对文章整体的把握后，第二遍听时就容易许多，这时就可以把空缺进量补齐，注意填句部分不一定非得按原文填写，只要意思相近就行；第三遍是最后一遍，此时要边听边检查已填写空缺，另外也可补填遗漏。
　　听力音频结束后，可对所填词汇进行检查，此时主要根据语法知识保证词形，词性准确无误；另外也可重新组织语句，完善填句部分。
　　
　　
Part IV Reading Comprehension (Reading in depth)
　　Section A
　　文章大意：
　　47 N tend
　　48 L negative
　　49 H efficiently
　　50 B associated
　　51 A alert
　　52 J function/
　　53 F definitely
　　54 O younger
　　55 E continuing
　　56 G different
　　文章大意：本文主要讲述的是关于老年人睡眠的问题：是否老年人与年轻人相比只需要较少的睡眠时间？
　　47. tend to 固定搭配；表示"倾向于；"符合句意；
　　48. 空格后是effect， 前面是a(n)， 由此可见，该处需要填入一个形容词；题目给出的形容词有negative, sufficient, younger；根据前后语意，填入negative最为恰当，表示"少的睡眠时间对大脑的活动有负面的影响。"
　　49. 根据推测，该处应该填入一个副词，题目给出的副词有efficiently, definitely, formally；前面提到，老年人在睡觉的时候更容易被打断，而后面用while提出一个对比的概念，年轻人相比起来能获得更_______ 的睡眠；综合起来，选用efficiently（最有效率的）最为准确。
　　50. be associated with 固定搭配；表示"与...联系在一起"；本句话表示"更多的睡眠通常都与健康度联系在一起"；
　　51. 先看整句话的含义，"如果他们能睡更长的时间，他们的感觉应该会更好以及..."那么，该处应该填入一个褒义词，选择alert比较恰当，表示"更加警觉，机灵"；
　　52. 根据判断，此处应该填入一个动词，剩下的动词有cling, function；整句话的意思是"当我们上了年纪的时候，我们一觉睡到天亮的能力下降了，但是，我们需要...的睡眠量并没有改变；"空格后的单词是well， cling 在这里并不合适，一般与to连用；选用function 最为适合；
　　53. 作者在首段已经提出这个观点是一个myth，那么显而易见最后一段中出现的myth是作为一种强调手段，应填入definitely；
　　54. 空格的前面是 when they were...， "当他们年轻的时候"；应填入younger；
　　55. 本句的意思是"我们的数据显示老年人将从...获益；"空格的后面是"得到和他们在三十多岁的时候能得到的睡眠一样多"；根据上下文意思，该处应填入"continuing"；
　　56. different from 固定搭配；表示"和...不同"；
　　总的说来，建议大家在做题之前对所给的所有词汇进行一下简单的词性分类，这样，更有助于考生快速有效地从最小的范围内选出答案。
　　Section B
　　Passage One
　　57. What can we learn from some recent studies?
　　答案：D. Interracial lodging may have diverse outcomes.
　　关键词：recent studies, but also
　　定位：题干中some recent studies提示答案定位在第一段第一句话。
　　解析：问题提问从最近的研究中我们可以了解到什么？第一段第一句中Several recent studies found that...与题干对应，由此可知that后的就是recent studies的内容，即being randomly assigned to a roommate of another race can lead to increased tolerance but also to a greater likelihood of conflict。其中"being randomly assigned to a roommate of another race"对应了选项D中的"interracial lodging"，"can... but also..."说明了interracial lodging是有利有弊的。因此D选项符合文意。而C选项"弊大于利"不符合文意, A"不同种族学生之间的争执是不可避免的"选项与B"不同种族的学生相互存在偏见"原文中没有明确提及
　　58. What does Sam Boakye's remark mean?
　　答案：D. Being surrounded by white peers motivates a black student to work harder to succeed.
　　关键词：surrounded, something to prove
　　定位：题干中出现的人名Sam Boakye提示答案定位在第四段第一句话。
　　解析：问题提问Sam Boakye的话是什么意思？通过定位可以找到Sam Boakye的那段话，即if you're surrounded by whites, you have something to prove. 这句话前面的插入语-the only black student on his freshman year floor- 介绍了Sam Boakye作为黑人学生的背景，帮助我们理解之前那句话：如果你的周围都是白人，那么一定会去证明些什么，言下之意就是选项D"白人同伴的存在会激励黑人学生更加努力地去取得成功"。而选项A, B, C在文中没有明确提及。本题选项C有个干扰信息"the freshman year"，在原文中出现。某些考生看到这个词，不假思索就选择了这个选项，但没有搞懂原文的意思，导致错误选择。请考生留意。
　　59. What does the Indian University study show?
　　答案：A. Interracial roommates are more likely to fall out.
　　关键词：Indian University, more likely,
　　定位：题干中出现的机构名称Indian University提示答案定位在第七段第一句话。
　　解析：问题提问Indian University的研究显示了什么？通过定位可以发现研究结果显示Interracial roommate were three times as likely as two white roommates to no longer live together，与选项A中的more likely to fall out 对应，因此选择D。此处，fall out 应该理解为"散伙，分开"有些考生可能因为不理解意思而产生歧义，请考生留意。
　　60. What does Alec Webley consider to be the "definition of integration"?
　　答案：D. The school randomly assigns roommates without regard to race.
　　关键词：Alec Webley, definition of integration
　　定位：题干出现的人名Alec Webley提示答案定位在第十段第一句。
　　解析：通过定位找到人名，人名后出现"This is the definition of integration"，由"this"可知人名前就是我们要找的答案，即the process throws you together randomly，"throw you together randomly"与"randomly assign"对应。意思与选项D符合。因此，此处选择D。
　　61. What does Grace Kao say about interracial lodging?
　　答案：A. It is unscientific to make generalizations about it without further study.
　　关键词：Grace Kao, generalizations
　　定位：题干中出现的人名Grace Kao以及generalizations提示答案定位在文章最后一段。根据最后一段意思：要得出Interracial lodging的一般规律，需要对学生的背景特征有更多的研究，与选项D的意思相同。而选项ABC在文中没有明确提及。
　　Passage Two
　　本篇文章主要是围绕一份来自Global Humanitarian Forum的报告展开的，在解题之前，通过对5个题干的浏览，以及在原文中的定位，可以发现，这篇文章是严格按照顺序原则来出题的。每一个题干中都有大写的字母，这些首字母大写的单词既是关键词，也是定位词，可以有效地帮助我们到原文中准确定位，节省答题时间。
　　62. What is the finding of the Global Humanitarian Forum?
　　答案：B. Rates of death from illnesses have risen due to global warming.
　　关键词：Global Humanitarian Forum
　　定位：第一段、第二段
　　解析：一般而言，四级的阅读题目大致遵循顺序原则，此篇文章正好是遵循此规律的。在文章的第一段，第一行，我们看到"... 300,000 deaths and about $ 125 billion ...",根据这里，我们可以把答案锁定在选项A（economic）和选项B (Rates of death)，然后我们接着往下看，可以发现，第二段就没有再提到金钱方面了，而都是在讲死亡和疾病的话题，如第二段的第三行"... death rates from illnesses ... "。所以，最后正确的选项是B。
　　63. What do we learn about the Forum's report from the passage?
　　答案：A. It was challenged by some climate and risk experts.
　　关键词：learn 、Forum's report
　　定位：第三段
　　解析：根据顺序原则，我们在接下来的第三段里就找到了63题的答案。第三段的第一行就讲到"the report drew criticism from some experts on climate and risk"，这和A选项是完全相一致的，challenged是criticism的同义替换。B选项中的"interest"表示"兴趣"，主要用于好的事物，这里讲的都是对the Forum's repor的批评，显然就不合适了。C选项表达的意思跟原文正好相反，这个是肯定要排除的。然后，有的同学可能会选到D选项，可能是受到文中第四段"... primarily in poor countries ,were being seriously effected ..."这句话的影响。但是D选项中"a big stir""一阵巨大的骚乱"文中是完全没有提到的。
　　64. What does Dr. Pielke say about the Forum's report?
　　答案：B. It is invalid in terms of methodology.
　　关键词：Dr. Pielke、say
　　定位：第五段
　　解析：在第五段，我们可以很快找到Pielke，然后找到他说的话，第二行"the Forum's report was 'a methodological embarrassment'",然后在第六行"but the report, he said'will harm the ... it is so deeply flawed'"。根据这两句话，选项中invalid 是flawed的同义替换， 我们可以很容易地选到B。
　　65. What is Soren Andreasen's view of the report?
　　答案：D. Its rough estimates are meant to draw the attention of world leaders.
　　关键词：Soren Andreasen
　　定位：第六段
　　解析：在第六段的第二行和第三行，可以看到"the number were rough estimates. He said the report was aimed at world leaders ... ",根据这两句话，我们就能较轻松地将正确答案锁定在D选项。
　　66. What does Kofi Annan say should be the focus of the Copenhagen conference?

　　答案：D. How rich countries can better help poor regions reduce climate hazards.
　　关键词：Kofi Annan、focus of the Copenhagen conference
　　定位：第七段（即文中的最后一段）
　　解析：最后一段是Kofi Annan说的一段话。我们在最后一段的第二行，focus on后面"... from rich to poor regions to help reduce ... "后面的内容就无需再花时间去看了，因为他focus（关注）的地方，在此就已经陈述清楚了，正确答案就是D。
　　Part V Cloze
　　文章大意：
　　67. to
　　68. specific
　　69. key
　　70. different
　　71. prevent
　　72. in
　　73. focus
　　74. over
　　75. rather
　　76. consumed
　　77. vital
　　78. amazed
　　79. contain
　　80. interact
　　81. on
　　82. up
　　83. fill
　　84. avoid
　　85. doubt
　　86. impact
　　这是一篇关于科学饮食的科技新闻。
　　为了让学生快速进入语境，文章第一段没有挖空。
　　从第一段中，我们可以获得全文主旨：科学饮食的真谛是从大处着眼，
　　67. 第二段首句有个定语从句：科学饮食远不止分析每一口放到嘴里的饭。这里要选择一个介词，lift 的原意是高举，在这里的意思就是"放到嘴边"，to 表示方向。 between 表示在某某之间，不合题意。inside 表示静态，与lift这个动作相矛盾。同理，B选项through，表示穿过，lift这个动作，到嘴边就结束了，并没有穿过嘴巴。
　　68. 按照原文的逻辑，接下来的一句话，表达过去人们如何如何，是为了给出"靶子"加以批评，所以，我们需要继续往后读，读到作者提倡的做法，然后反向理解一下，便可选出答案。
　　69. 根据语法搭配，只有key才可以和后面的to相搭配，所以选择A选项。
　　70. 句首的but，是题眼，表达对比之意，所以，下文开始讲述"另一种""不同的"饮食习惯。因此，选择B选项，different。
　　71. 这里是个不定式短语，需要一个动词，由宾语heart disease可知，"prevent"（预防）是最佳搭配。
　　72. 考察和general搭配的介词，只有in 符合语法。
　　73. 需要一个动词和on搭配，语法上四个选项都可以搭配，只能从词义上判断，turn on 表示打开，focus on 表示注重，put on 表示穿衣，carry on 表示执行。根据宾语，"更广的层面"，可知应该选择focus on。
　　74. 需要一个和"时间段"搭配的介词，over a period of time 表示一段时间以来，符合题意。
　　75. 这里表示"是什么而不是什么"，应该用rather than 才能准确达意。
　　76. 这是个分词短语作后置定语修饰前面的"this or that"，这里的this or that代指食物。convey是表达，不搭配。enter 可以表示"输入，记下"，也不和食物搭配。和食物搭配的只有B和D，consume表示，消费或消耗。exhaust 表示耗尽。很明显，这里的食物并不会耗尽，所以只能选B选项。
　　这里我们可以回过头来，看一下第68题，文章的主旨是，"Scientist now focus on the broader picture of the balance of food eaten over several days or a week"即"科学家现在注重最近几天内的均衡饮食"，与此能够形成对比的，"单个营养元素的定量摄入"，这里能表达特定量的词只有"certain"或者"specific"，这里用certain更自然，但是没有提供选项，因此就只能选择specific，表示"特定的"。
　　77. 需要个形容词，做后置定语，和for good health 搭配，这里只有vital 能和for搭配，表示"对...重要"。
　　78. 这里是一个 The more...the more 的固定表达，表示"越......越......"，这里用amazed表达科研人员，对新发现所产生的"惊奇之感"。
　　79. 这里的they表示食物，结合后面的动词，构成定语从句，修饰"必备营养元素"，这里的用contain才能准确达意，"食物包含必备营养元素"
　　80. 需要一个动词和with搭配，只能选择A和B，但从语义上判断，必备营养元素之间会相互反应，肯定不会相互干扰。因此只能选择interact。
　　81. 这里需要一个介词和track搭配，只有 on the right track才符合语法
　　82. 这里根据题意，"蔬菜、水果和谷物构成了饭菜的四分之三"，这里make up表达"构成"之意。
　　83. 这里需要一个动词，宾语是"剩余的四分之一"，从语义上理解，我们需要选择"填充"，因此，fill in 是符合语法的。

　　84. 这里需要一个动词，结合题意，这个空应该表达"不吃"，才能和前面的eat形成对比，这里的avoid，表达避免的意思，比delete（删除）更切题。
　　85. 文章在最后一句，要下一个结论，这里用without a doubt 表达"毫无疑问"，符合题目要求。
　　86. 这里需要一个名词，和on搭配，只有impact符合题意。
　　总之，今年四级的完型填空，涉及3处名词，5处介词，7处动词，4处形容词和1处副词。
　　只有1题（第68题）需要整体把握，其余部分只要在句子内部或者句子之间进行上下文逻辑比对或语法搭配，即可完成。
　　Part VI Translation
　　87. The university authorities did not approve the regulation, nor did they make any explanation / nor did they give the reason for doing so (也没有解释为什么).
　　解析：本题考察了两个知识点。① nor的倒装句用法，后半句表示"也不"的否定意义，注意助动词的时态与上半句保持一致；② 对某事做出解释的表达，考察了汉译英中动词转名词的技巧，explain → explanation，或者nor did they give the reason for doing so同样可以。
　　88. Jane is tired of dealing with customer complaints and wishes that she could be assigned (to) another job（能被分配做另一项工作）
　　解析：本题考察了wish从句的虚拟语气用法（can→could）和"分配某人做某事"的词组搭配，assign sb. to sth. 或者assign sb. sth.
　　89. John rescued the drowning child at the risk of his own life (冒着自己生命危险).
　　解析：本题考察了"冒着...的危险/风险做某事"的词组搭配，可以用at the risk / expense of one's own life（冒着某人的生命危险做某事）
　　90. George called his boss from the airport but it ① was his assistant who answered / picked up the phone；② turned out that his assistant answered / picked up the phone（接电话的却是他的助手）
　　解析：该句比较灵活，在句法上，既可以使用强调句结构，也可以采用turn out的惯用搭配；在"接电话"的表达上，可以用pick up / answer the phone。强调句结构为it be sb. who do sth. ,而turn out变化则较多，可以用turn out to be sb. who do sth.或者turn out + that + 从句。

　　91. Although he was interested in philosophy, his father persuaded him into / talked him into（他的父亲说服他）majoring in law.
　　解析：本题考察"说服某人做某事"的表达，persuade / talk sb. into doing sth.
　　整体评价：今年6月的翻译题难度适中，89和91题的词组搭配是拿分题，而87题的倒装结构和88题的虚拟语气用法也是广大四级考生的"老朋友"，不熟悉实在说不过去。


2010年12月大学英语四级真题

Part I Writing (30 minutes)
Directions：For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write a short essay entitled How Should Parents Help Children to Be Independent? You should write at least 150 words following the outline given below.
1. 目前不少父母为孩子包办一切
2. 为了让孩子独立, 父母应该......
How Should Parents Help Children to Be Independent?
.
Part II Reading Comprehension(Skimming and Scanning) (15 minutes)
Directions: In this part, you will have 15 minutes to go over the passage quickly and answer the questions on Answer Sheet 1. For questions 1-7, choose the best answer from the four choices marked [A], [B], [C] and [D]. For questions 8-10, complete the sentences with the information given in the passage.
A Grassroots Remedy
Most of us spend our lives seeking the natural world. To this end, we walk the dog, play golf, go fishing, sit in the garden, drink outside rather than inside the pub, have a picnic, live in the suburbs, go to the seaside, buy a weekend place in the country. The most popular leisure activity in Britain is going for a walk. And when joggers (慢跑者) jog, they don't run the streets. Every one of them instinctively heads to the park or the river. It is my profound belief that not only do we all need nature, but we all seek nature, whether we know we are doing so or not.
But despite this, our children are growing up nature-deprived (丧失). I spent my boyhood climbing trees on Streatham Common, South London. These days, children are robbed of these ancient freedoms, due to problems like crime, traffic, the loss of the open spaces and odd new perceptions about what is best for children, that is to say, things that can be bought, rather than things that can be found.
The truth is to be found elsewhere. A study in the US: families had moved to better housing and the children were assessed for ADHD-attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (多动症). Those whose accommodation had more natural views showed an improvement of 19%; those who had the same improvement in material surroundings but no nice view improved just 4%.
A study in Sweden indicated that kindergarten children who could play in a natural environment had less illness and greater physical ability than children used only to a normal playground. A US study suggested that when a school gave children access to a natural environment, academic levels were raised across the entire school.
Another study found that children play differently in a natural environment. In playgrounds, children create a hierarchy (等级) based on physical abilities, with the tough ones taking the lead. But when a grassy area was planted with bushes, the children got much more into fantasy play, and the social hierarchy was now based on imagination and creativity.
Most bullying (恃强凌弱) is found in schools where there is a tarmac (柏油碎石) playground; the least bullying is in a natural area that the children are encouraged to explore. This reminds me unpleasantly of Sunnyhill School in Streatham, with its harsh tarmac, where I used to hang about in corners fantasising about wildlife.
But children are frequently discouraged from involvement with natural spaces, for health and safety reasons, for fear that they might get dirty or that they might cause damage. So, instead, the damage is done to the children themselves: not to their bodies but to their souls.
One of the great problems of modern childhood is ADHD, now increasingly and expensively treated with drugs. Yet one study after another indicates that contact with nature gives huge benefits to ADHD children. However, we spend money on drugs rather than on green places.
The life of old people is measurably better when they have access to nature. The increasing emphasis for the growing population of old people is in quality rather than quantity of years. And study after study finds that a garden is the single most important thing in finding that quality.
In wider and more difficult areas of life, there is evidence to indicate that natural surroundings improve all kinds of things. Even problems with crime and aggressive behaviour are reduced when there is contact with the natural world.
Dr William Bird, researcher from the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds, states in his study, "A natural environment can reduce violent behaviour because its restorative process helps reduce anger and impulsive behaviour." Wild places need encouraging for this reason, no matter how small their contribution.
We tend to look on nature conservation as some kind of favour that human beings are granting to the natural world. The error here is far too deep: not only do humans need nature for themselves, but the very idea that humanity and the natural world are separable things is profoundly damaging.
Human beings are a species of mammals (哺乳动物). For seven million years they lived on the planet as part of nature. Our ancestral selves miss the natural world and long for contact with non-human life. Anyone who has patted a dog, stroked a cat, sat under a tree with a pint of beer, given or received a bunch of flowers or chosen to walk through the park on a nice day, understands that.
We need the wild world. It is essential to our well-being, our health, our happiness. Without the wild world we are not more but less civilised. Without other living things around us we are less than human.
Five ways to find harmony with the natural world
Walk: Break the rhythm of permanently being under a roof. Get off a stop earlier, make a circuit of the park at lunchtime, walk the child to and from school, get a dog, feel yourself moving in moving air, look, listen, absorb.
Sit: Take a moment, every now and then, to be still in an open space. In the garden, anywhere that's not in the office, anywhere out of the house, away from the routine. Sit under a tree, look at water, feel refreshed, ever so slightly renewed.
Drink: The best way to enjoy the natural world is by yourself; the second best way is in company. Take a drink outside with a good person, a good gathering: talk with the sun and the wind with birdsong for background.
Learn: Expand your boundaries. Learn five species of bird, five butterflies, five trees, five bird songs. That way, you see and hear more: and your mind responds gratefully to the greater amount of wildness in your life.
Travel: The places you always wanted to visit: by the seaside, in the country, in the hills. Take a weekend break, a day-trip, get out there and do it: for the scenery, for the way through the woods, for the birds, for the bees. Go somewhere special and bring specialness home. It lasts forever, after all.
注意：此部分试题请在答题卡1上作答。
1. What is the author's profound belief?
[A] People instinctively seek nature in different ways.
[B] People should spend most of their lives in the wild.
[C] People have quite different perceptions of nature.
[D] People must make more efforts to study nature.
2. What does the author say people prefer for their children nowadays?
[A] Personal freedom.
[B] Things that are natural.
[C] Urban surroundings.
[D] Things that are purchased.
3. What does a study in Sweden show?
[A] The natural environment can help children learn better.
[B] More access to nature makes children less likely to fall ill.
[C] A good playground helps kids develop their physical abilities.
[D] Natural views can prevent children from developing ADHD.
4. Children who have chances to explore natural areas ________.
[A] tend to develop a strong love for science
[B] are more likely to fantasise about wildlife
[C] tend to be physically tougher in adulthood
[D] are less likely to be involved in bullying
5. What does the author suggest we do to help children with ADHD?
[A] Find more effective drugs for them.
[B] Provide more green spaces for them.
[C] Place them under more personal care.
[D] Engage them in more meaningful activities.
6. In what way do elderly people benefit from their contact with nature?
[A] They look on life optimistically. [C] They are able to live longer.
[B] They enjoy a life of better quality. [D] They become good-humoured.
7. Dr William Bird suggests in his study that ________.
[A] humanity and nature are complementary to each other
[B] wild places may induce impulsive behaviour in people
[C] access to nature contributes to the reduction of violence
[D] it takes a long time to restore nature once damaged
8. It is extremely harmful to think that humanity and the natural world can be________________________.
9. The author believes that we would not be so civilised without ________________________.
10. The five suggestions the author gives at the end of the passage are meant to encourage people to seek _________________ with the natural world.
Part III Listening Comprehension (35 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear 8 short conversations and 2 long conversations. At the end of each conversation, one or more questions will be asked about what was said. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After each question there will be a pause. During the pause, you must read the four choices marked [A], [B], [C] and [D], and decide which is the best answer. Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答。
11. [A] The man should visit the museums. [C] The beach resort is a good choice.
[B] She can't stand the hot weather. [D] She enjoys staying in Washington.
12. [A] Her new responsibilities in the company.
[B] What her job prospects are.
[C] What the customers' feedback is.
[D] The director's opinion of her work.
13. [A] Combine her training with dieting.
[B] Repeat the training every three days.
[C] Avoid excessive physical training.
[D] Include weightlifting in the program.
14. [A] When she will return home.
[B] Whether she can go by herself.
[C] Whether she can travel by air.
[D] When she will completely recover.
15. [A] The woman knows how to deal with the police.
[B] The woman had been fined many times before.
[C] The woman had violated traffic regulations.
[D] The woman is good at finding excuses.
16. [A] Switch off the refrigerator for a while.
[B] Have someone repair the refrigerator.
[C] Ask the man to fix the refrigerator.
[D] Buy a refrigerator of better quality.
17. [A] He owns a piece of land in the downtown area.
[B] He has got enough money to buy a house.
[C] He can finally do what he has dreamed of.
[D] He is moving into a bigger apartment.
18. [A] She is black and blue all over.
[B] She has to go to see a doctor.
[C] She stayed away from work for a few days.
[D] She got hurt in an accident yesterday.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
19. [A] She was a bank manager.
[B] She was a victim of the robbery.
[C] She was a defence lawyer.
[D] She was a witness to the crime.
20. [A] A tall man with dark hair and a moustache.
[B] A youth with a distinguishing mark on his face.
[C] A thirty-year-old guy wearing a light sweater.
[D] A medium-sized young man carrying a gun.
21. [A] Identify the suspect from pictures. [C] Have her photo taken for their files.
[B] Go upstairs to sign some document. [D] Verify the record of what she had said.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
22. [A] By reading a newspaper ad. [C] By listening to the morning news.
[B] By seeing a commercial on TV. [D] By calling an employment service.
23. [A] She could improve her foreign languages.
[B] She could work close to her family.
[C] She could travel overseas frequently.
[D] She could use her previous experiences.
24. [A] Taking management courses. [C] Working as a secretary.
[B] Teaching English at a university. [D] Studying for a degree in French.
25. [A] Prepare for an interview in a couple of days.
[B] Read the advertisement again for more details.
[C] Send in a written application as soon as possible.
[D] Get to know the candidates on the short list.
Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear 3 short passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear some questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked [A], [B], [C] and [D]. Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
注意： 此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答。
Passage One
Questions 26 to 29 are based on the passage you have just heard.
26. [A] They cannot see the firefighters because of the smoke.
[B] They do not realize the danger they are in.
[C] They cannot hear the firefighters for the noise.
[D] They mistake the firefighters for monsters.
27. [A] He travels all over America to help put out fires.
[B] He often teaches children what to do during a fire.
[C] He teaches Spanish in a San Francisco community.
[D] He provides oxygen masks to children free of charge.
28. [A] He saved the life of his brother choking on food.
[B] He rescued a student from a big fire.
[C] He is very good at public speaking.
[D] He gives informative talks to young children.
29. [A] Firefighters play an important role in America.
[B] Kids should learn not to be afraid of monsters.
[C] Carelessness can result in tragedies.
[D] Informative speeches can save lives.
Passage Two
Questions 30 to 32 are based on the passage you have just heard.
30. [A] To satisfy the needs of their family.
[B] To fully realize their potential.
[C] To make money for early retirement.
[D] To gain a sense of their personal worth.
31. [A] They may have to continue to work in old age.
[B] They may regret the time they wasted.
[C] They may have nobody to depend on in the future.
[D] They may have fewer job opportunities.
32. [A] Making wise use of your time.
[B] Enjoying yourself while you can.
[C] Saving as much as you can.
[D] Working hard and playing hard.
Passage Three
Questions 33 to 35 are based on the passage you have just heard.
33. [A] Hardworking students being accused of cheating.
[B] Boy students being often treated as law-breakers.
[C] Innocent people being suspected groundlessly.
[D] Junior employees being made to work overtime.
34. [A] Forbidding students to take food out of the restaurant.
[B] Requesting customers to pay before taking the food.
[C] Asking customers to leave their bags on the counters.
[D] Allowing only two students to enter at a time.
35. [A] He was taken to the manager. [C] He was asked to leave.
[B] He was closely watched. [D] He was overcharged.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear a passage three times. When the passage is read for the first time, you should listen carefully for its general idea. When the passage is read for the second time, you are required to fill in the blanks numbered from 36 to 43 with the exact words you have just heard. For blanks numbered from 44 to 46 you are required to fill in the missing information. For these blanks, you can either use the exact words you have just heard or write down the main points in your own words. Finally, when the passage is read for the third time, you should check what you have written.
注意：此部分试题在答题卡2上作答。
Writing keeps us in touch with other people. We write to communicate with relatives and friends. We write to (36) _____________ our family histories so our children and grandchildren can learn and (37) _____________their heritage (传统). With computers and Internet connections in so many (38) _____________, colleges, business, people e-mailing friends and relatives all the time-or talking to them in writing in online (39) _____________ rooms. It is cheaper than calling long distance, and a lot more (40) _____________ than waiting until Sunday for the telephone (41) _____________ to drop. Students are e-mailing their professors to (42) _____________ and discuss their classroom assignments and to (43) _____________ them. They are e-mailing classmates to discuss and collaborate (合作) on homework. (44) __________________________________________________________.
Despite the growing importance of computers, however, there will always be a place and need for the personal letter. (45) ____________________________________________________. No matter what the content of the message, its real point is, "I want you to know that I care about you." (46) ____________________________________________________________________, but only in the success of human relationships.
Part Ⅳ Reading Comprehension (Reading in Depth) (25 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
Questions 47 to 56 are based on the following passage.
What determines the kind of person you are? What factors make you more or less bold, intelligent, or able to read a map? All of these are influenced by the interaction of your genes and the environment in which you were 47 . The study of how genes and environment interact to influence 48 activity is known as behavioral genetics. Behavioral genetics has made important 49 to the biological revolution, providing information about the extent to which biology influences mind, brain and behavior.
Any research that suggests that 50 to perform certain behaviors are based in biology is controversial. Who wants to be told that there are limitations to what you can 51 based on something that is beyond your control, such as your genes? It is easy to accept that genes control physical characteristics such as sex, race and eye color. But can genes also determine whether people will get divorced, how 52 they are, or what career they are likely to choose? A concern of psychological scientists is the 53 to which all of these characteristics are influenced by nature and nurture(养育), by genetic makeup and the environment. Increasingly, science 54 that genes lay the groundwork for many human traits. From this perspective, people are born 55 like undeveloped photographs: The image is already captured, but the way it 56 appears can vary based on the development process. However, the basic picture is there from the beginning.
注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答。
[A] abilities [I] extent
[B] achieve [J] indicates
[C] appeal [K] proceeds
[D] complaints [L] psychological
[E] contributions [M] raised
[F] displayed [N] smart
[G] essentially [O] standard
[H] eventually
Section B
Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked [A], [B], [C] and [D]. You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 57 to 61 are based on the following passage.
It is pretty much a one-way street. While it may be common for university researchers to try their luck in the commercial world, there is very little traffic in the opposite direction. Pay has always been the biggest deterrent, as people with families often feel they cannot afford the drop in salary when moving to a university job. For some industrial scientists, however, the attractions of academia (学术界) outweigh any financial considerations.
Helen Lee took a 70% cut in salary when she moved from a senior post in Abbott Laboratories to a medical department at the University of Cambridge. Her main reason for returning to academia mid-career was to take advantage of the greater freedom to choose research questions. Some areas of inquiry have few prospects of a commercial return, and Lee's is one of them.
The impact of a salary cut is probably less severe for a scientist in the early stages of a career. Guy Grant, now a research associate at the Unilever Centre for Molecular Informatics at the University of Cambridge, spent two years working for a pharmaceutical (制药的) company before returning to university as a post-doctoral researcher. He took a 30% salary cut but felt it worthwhile for the greater intellectual opportunities.
Higher up the ladder, where a pay cut is usually more significant, the demand for scientists with a wealth of experience in industry is forcing universities to make the transition (转换) to academia more attractive, according to Lee. Industrial scientists tend to receive training that academics do not, such as how to build a multidisciplinary team, manage budgets and negotiate contracts. They are also well placed to bring something extra to the teaching side of an academic role that will help students get a job when they graduate, says Lee, perhaps experience in manufacturing practice or product development. "Only a small number of undergraduates will continue in an academic career. So someone leaving university who already has the skills needed to work in an industrial lab has far more potential in the job market than someone who has spent all their time on a narrow research project."
注意： 此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答。
57. By "a one-way street" (Line 1, Para. 1), the author means ________.
[A] university researchers know little about the commercial world
[B] there is little exchange between industry and academia
[C] few industrial scientists would quit to work in a university
[D] few university professors are willing to do industrial research
58. The word "deterrent" (Line 2, Para. 1) most probably refers to something that ________.
[A] keeps someone from taking action [C] attracts people's attention
[B] helps to move the traffic [D] brings someone a financial burden
59. What was Helen Lee's major consideration when she changed her job in the middle of her career?
[A] Flexible work hours. [C] Her preference for the lifestyle on campus.
[B] Her research interests. [D] Prospects of academic accomplishments.
60. Guy Grant chose to work as a researcher at Cambridge in order to ________.
[A] do financially more rewarding work
[B] raise his status in the academic world
[C] enrich his experience in medical research
[D] exploit better intellectual opportunities
61. What contribution can industrial scientists make when they come to teach in a university?
[A] Increase its graduates' competitiveness in the job market.
[B] Develop its students' potential in research.
[C] Help it to obtain financial support from industry.
[D] Gear its research towards practical applications.
Passage Two
Questions 62 to 66 are based on the following passage.
Being sociable looks like a good way to add years to your life. Relationships with family, friends, neighbours, even pets, will all do the trick, but the biggest longevity (长寿) boost seems to come from marriage or an equivalent relationship. The effect was first noted in 1858 by William Farr, who wrote that widows and widowers (鳏夫) were at a much higher risk of dying than their married peers. Studies since then suggest that marriage could add as much as seven years to a man's life and two to a woman's. The effect holds for all causes of death, whether illness, accident or self-harm.
Even if the odds are stacked against you, marriage can more than compensate. Linda Waite of the University of Chicago has found that a married older man with heart disease can expect to live nearly four years longer than an unmarried man with a healthy heart. Likewise, a married man who smokes more than a pack a day is likely to live as long as a divorced man who doesn't smoke. There's a flip side, however, as partners are more likely to become ill or die in the couple of years following their spouse's death, and caring for a spouse with mental disorder can leave you with some of the same severe problems. Even so, the odds favour marriage. In a 30-year study of more than 10,000 people, Nicholas Christakis of Harvard Medical School describes how all kinds of social networks have similar effects.
So how does it work? The effects are complex, affected by socio-economic factors, health-service provision, emotional support and other more physiological (生理的) mechanisms. For example, social contact can boost development of the brain and immune system, leading to better health and less chance of depression later in life. People in supportive relationships may handle stress better. Then there are the psychological benefits of a supportive partner.
A life partner, children and good friends are all recommended if you aim to live to 100. The ultimate social network is still being mapped out, but Christakis says: "People are interconnected, so their health is interconnected."
注意： 此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答。
62. William Farr's study and other studies show that _________.
[A] social life provides an effective cure for illness
[B] being sociable helps improve one's quality of life
[C] women benefit more than men from marriage
[D] marriage contributes a great deal to longevity
63. Linda Waite's studies support the idea that _________.
[A] older men should quit smoking to stay healthy
[B] marriage can help make up for ill health
[C] the married are happier than the unmarried
[D] unmarried people are likely to suffer in later life
64. It can be inferred from the context that the "flip side" (Line 4, Para. 2) refers to _________.
[A] the disadvantages of being married
[B] the emotional problems arising from marriage
[C] the responsibility of taking care of one's family
[D] the consequence of a broken marriage
65. What does the author say about social networks?
[A] They have effects similar to those of a marriage.
[B] They help develop people's community spirit.
[C] They provide timely support for those in need.
[D] They help relieve people of their life's burdens.
66. What can be inferred from the last paragraph?
[A] It's important that we develop a social network when young.
[B] To stay healthy, one should have a proper social network.
[C] Getting a divorce means risking a reduced life span.
[D] We should share our social networks with each other.
Part Ⅴ Cloze (15 minutes)
Directions: There are 20 blanks in the following passage. For each blank there are four choices marked [A], [B], [C] and [D] on the right side of the paper. You should choose the ONE that best fits into the passage. Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答。
Over half the world's people now live in cities. The latest "Global Report on Human Settlements" says a significant change took place last year. The report 67 this week from U.N. Habitat, a United Nations agency.
A century ago, 68 than five percent of all people lived in cities. 69 the middle of this century it could be seventy percent, or 70 six and a half billion people.
Already three-fourths of people in 71 countries live in cities. Now most urban population 72 is in the developing world.
Urbanization can 73 to social and economic progress, but also put 74 on cities to provide housing and 75 . The new report says almost two hundred thousand people move 76 cities and towns each day. It says worsening inequalities, 77 by social divisions and differences in 78 , could result in violence and crime 79 cities plan better.
Another issue is urban sprawl (无序扩展的城区). This is where cities 80 quickly into rural areas, sometimes 81 a much faster rate than urban population growth.
Sprawl is 82 in the United States. Americans move a lot. In a recent study, Art Hall at the University of Kansas found that people are moving away from the 83 cities to smaller ones. He sees a 84 toward "de-urbanization" across the nation.
85 urban economies still provide many 86 that rural areas do not.
67. [A] came on [C] came over
[B] came off [D] came out
68. [A] more [C] less
[B] other [D] rather
69. [A] By [C] Along
[B] Through [D] To
70. [A] really [C] ever
[B] barely [D] almost
71. [A] flourishing [C] thriving
[B] developed [D] fertile
72. [A] extension [C] raise
[B] addition [D] growth
73. [A] keep [C] lead
[B] turn [D] refer
74. [A] pressure [C] restraint
[B] load [D] weight
75. [A] surroundings [C] concerns
[B] communities [D] services
76. [A] onto [C] around
[B] into [D] upon
77. [A] pulled [C] drawn
[B] driven [D] pressed
78. [A] situation [C] treasure
[B] wealth [D] category
79. [A] when [C] unless
[B] if [D] whereas
80. [A] expand [C] invade
[B] split [D] enlarge
81. [A] in [C] with
[B] beyond [D] at
82. [A] common [C] ordinary
[B] conventional [D] frequent
83. [A] essential [C] primitive
[B] prior [D] major
84. [A] trend [C] direction
[B] style [D] path
85. [A] Then [C] For
[B] But [D] While
86. [A] abilities [C] possibilities
[B] qualities [D] realities
Part VI Translation (5 minutes)
Directions: Complete the sentences by translating into English the Chinese given in brackets. Please write your translation on Answer Sheet 2.
注意： 此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答，只需写出译文部分。
87. ________________________________________________________(为了确保他参加会议), I called him up in advance.
88. The magnificent museum ________________________________________(据说建成于) about a hundred years ago.
89. There would be no life on earth ___________________________________________(没有地球独特的环境).
90. ___________________________________(给游客印象最深的) was the friendliness and warmth of the local people.
91. They requested that __________________________________________(我借的书还回图书馆) by next Friday.

2010年12月18日英语四级答案：作文

Help Children to Be Independent

Thanks to the "family plan"policy,today in China many families have one child.Loving and caring for children is an old Chinese tradition that has remained for thousands of years.But the children are spoilt so much that they have less independence.They rely on their parents in everything.That is bad for a child's growing.Therefore,parents should develop the children's independence instead of doing everything for them.
There are some ways to help children to be independent.First of all,you should believe your children can do the things well.Second,give them more chances to practise,when they don't know how to do it,just tell them the way.Third,don't be afraid to see them fail.In the beginning,they may do something bad.But don't worry,just let them try again.They can do the work as well as you if given more time.
To be independent is good for the children.A child who is independent will succeed easily in the future.

2010年12月18日英语四级答案：快速阅读
1.people instinltively
2.things purchused
3.more access
4.are less
5.provide
6.they enjoy
7.access to
8.separable things
9.the wild world
10.harmony
2010年12月18日英语四级答案：听力
11.A, get
12.B, buying
13.A, taking p
14.B, he
15.D, he
16.C, her gym
17.D, The
18.A，Indifferent.
19.C ，he has
20.B，learn
21.C, every
22.A, what to
23.D. A financial trader
24.B, He considers
25. D, It can
36 international
37 revolution
38 emphasized
39 poor-paying
40 effectively
41 freelancewriter
42 conditioned
43 reasonably
44 The earthquake left thousands of people in urgent need of medicar care.
45 There is no denying the fact that he has directed the most popular film in ten years.
46 A lighted cigarette thrown out of a car or train window can star a fire.
2010年12月18日英语四级答案：选词填空
47.raised
48.displayed
49.contributions
50.abilities
51.achieve
52.smart
53.proceeds
54.indicates
55.essentially
56.evevtually
2010年12月18日英语四级答案：仔细阅读 
57.few...university
58.attracts...
59.her...interests
60.exploit...
61.Increase...
62.marriage...illness
63.marriage...health
64.the...married
65.they...need
66.To...
2010年12月18日英语四级答案：完形填空
67.came out
68.less
69.By
70.almost
71.fertile
72.growth
73.lead
74.pressure
75.surroundings
76.into
77.driven
78.treasure
79.when
80.expand
81.at
82.frequent
83.major
84.trend
85.While
86.qualities
2010年12月18日英语四级答案：翻译
87.In order to ensure him to attend the meeting
88.was said to be founded
89.without the special environment on earth
90.what the tourists were impressed by
91.the books that I borrowed be returned to the library

（此资料来源互联网）


2010年6月英语四级考试真题
Part I Writing (30 minutes)
　　注意：此部分试题在答题卡1上。
　　Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write a short essay on the topic of Due Attention Should Be Given To Spelling. You should write at least 120 words following the outline given below:
　　1. 如今不少学生在英语学习中不重视拼写
　　2. 出现这种情况的原因
　　3. 为了改变这种状况，我认为...
　　Due Attention Should Be Given To Spelling
　　_______________________________________________________________________________
Part II Reading Comprehension (Skimming and Scanning) (15 minutes)
　　Directions: In this part, you will have 15 minutes to go over the passage quickly and answer the questions on Answer Sheet 1. For questions 1-7, choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). For questions 8-10, complete the sentences with the information given in the passage.
　　Caught in the Web
　　A few months ago, it wasn't unusual for 47-year-old Carla Toebe to spend 15 hours per day online. She'd wake up early, turn on her laptop and chat on Internet dating sites and instant-messaging programs - leaving her bed for only brief intervals. Her household bills piled up, along with the dishes and dirty laundry, but it took near-constant complaints from her four daughters before she realized she had a problem.
　　"I was starting to feel like my whole world was falling apart - kind of slipping into a depression," said Carla. "I knew that if I didn't get off the dating sites, I'd just keep going," detaching (使脱离) herself further from the outside world.
　　Toebe's conclusion: She felt like she was "addicted" to the Internet. She's not alone.
　　Concern about excessive Internet use isn't new. As far back as 1995, articles in medical journals and the establishment of a Pennsylvania treatment center for overusers generated interest in the subject. There's still no consensus on how much time online constitutes too much or whether addiction is possible.
　　But as reliance on the Web grows, there are signs that the question is getting more serious attention: Last month, a study published in CNS Spectrums claimed to be the first large-scale look at excessive Internet use. The American Psychiatric Association may consider listing Internet addiction in the next edition of its diagnostic manual. And scores of online discussion boards have popped up on which people discuss negative experiences tied to too much time on the Web.
　　"There's no question that there're people who're seriously in trouble because they're overdoing their Internet involvement," said psychiatrist (精神科医生) Ivan Goldberg. Goldberg calls the problem a disorder rather than a true addiction.
　　Jonathan Bishop, a researcher in Wales specializing in online communities, is more skeptical. "The Internet is an environment," he said. "You can't be addicted to the environment." Bishop describes the problem as simply a matter of priorities, which can be solved by encouraging people to prioritize other life goals and plans in place of time spent online.
　　The new CNS Spectrums study was based on results of a nationwide telephone survey of more than 2,500 adults. Like the 2005 survey, this one was conducted by Stanford University researchers.About 6% of respondents reported that "their relationships suffered because of excessive Internet use." About 9% attempted to conceal "nonessential Internet use," and nearly 4% reported feeling "preoccupied by the Internet when offline."
　　About 8% said they used the Internet as a way to escape problems, and almost 14% reported they "found it hard to stay away from the Internet for several days at a time."
　　"The Internet problem is still in its infancy," said Elias Aboujaoude, a Stanford professor. No single online activity is to blame for excessive use, he said. "They're online in chat rooms, checking e-mail, or writing blogs. [The problem is] not limited to porn (色情) or gambling" websites.
　　Excessive Internet use should be defined not by the number of hours spent online but "in terms of losses," said Maressa Orzack, a Harvard University professor. "If it's a loss [where] you're not getting to work, and family relationships are breaking down as a result, then it's too much."
　　Since the early 1990s, several clinics have been established in the U. S. to treat heavy Internet users. They include the Center for Internet Addiction Recovery and the Center for Internet Behavior.
　　The website for Orzack's center lists the following among the psychological symptoms of computer addiction:
　　● Having a sense of well-being (幸福) or excitement while at the computer.
　　● Longing for more and more time at the computer.
　　● Neglect of family and friends.
　　● Feeling empty, depressed or irritable when not at the computer.
　　● Lying to employers and family about activities.
　　● Inability to stop the activity.
　　● Problems with school or job.
　　Physical symptoms listed include dry eyes, backaches, skipping meals, poor personal hygiene (卫生) and sleep disturbances.
　　People who struggle with excessive Internet use maybe depressed or have other mood disorders, Orzack said. When she discusses Internet habits with her patients, they often report that being online offers a "sense of belonging, and escape, excitement [and] fun," she said. "Some people say relief...because they find themselves so relaxed."
　　Some parts of the Internet seem to draw people in more than others. Internet gamers spend countless hours competing in games against people from all over the world. One such game, called World of Warcraft, is cited on many sites by posters complaining of a "gaming addiction."
　　Andrew Heidrich, an education network administrator from Sacramento, plays World of Warcraft for about two to four hours every other night, but that's nothing compared with the 40 to 60 hours a week he spent playing online games when he was in college. He cut back only after a full-scale family intervention (干预), in which relatives told him he'd gained weight.
　　"There's this whole culture of competition that sucks people in" with online gaming, said Heidrich, now a father of two. "People do it at the expense of everything that was a constant in their lives." Heidrich now visits websites that discuss gaming addiction regularly "to remind myself to keep my love for online games in check."
　　Toebe also regularly visits a site where posters discuss Internet overuse. In August, when she first realized she had a problem, she posted a message on a Yahoo Internet addiction group with the subject line: "I have an Internet Addiction."
　　"I'm self-employed and need the Internet for my work, but I'm failing to accomplish my work,to take care of my home, to give attention to my children," she wrote in a message sent to the group."I have no money or insurance to get professional help; I can't even pay my mortgage (抵押贷款) and face losing everything."
　　Since then, Toebe said, she has kept her promise to herself to cut back on her Internet use. "I have a boyfriend now, and I'm not interested in online dating," she said by phone last week. "It's a lot better now."
　　注意：此部分试题请在答题卡1上作答。
　　1. What eventually made Carla Toebe realize she was spending too much time on the Internet?
　　A) Her daughter's repeated complaints.
　　B) Fatigue resulting from lack of sleep.　C) The poorly managed state of her house.
　　D) The high financial costs adding up.
　　2. What does the author say about excessive Internet use?
　　A) People should be warned of its harmful consequences.
　　B) It has become virtually inevitable.
　　C) It has been somewhat exaggerated.
　　D) People haven't yet reached agreement on its definition.
　　3. Jonathan Bishop believes that the Internet overuse problem can be solved if people ______.
　　A) try to improve the Internet environment
　　B) become aware of its serious consequences
　　C) can realize what is important in life
　　D) can reach a consensus on its definition
　　4. According to Professor Maressa Orzack, Internet use would be considered excessive if ______.
　　A) it seriously affected family relationships
　　B) one visited porn websites frequently
　　C) too much time was spent in chat rooms
　　D) people got involved in online gambling
　　5. According to Orzack, people who struggle with heavy reliance on the Internet may feel ______.
　　A) discouraged  B) pressured   C) depressed   　D) puzzled
　　6. Why did Andre Heidrich cut back online gaming?
　　A) He had lost a lot of money.
　　B) His family had intervened.
　　C) He had offended his relatives.
　　D) His career had been ruined.
　　7. Andrew Heidrich now visits websites that discuss online gaming addiction to ______.
　　A) improve his online gaming skills
　　B) curb his desire for online gaming
　　C) show how good he is at online gaming
　　D) exchange online gaming experience
　　8. In one of the messages she posted on a website, Toebe admitted that she ______.
　　9. Excessive Internet use had rendered Toebe so poor that she couldn't afford to seek ______.
　　10. Now that she's got a boyfriend, Toebe is no longer crazy about ______.
Part III Listening Comprehension (35 minutes)
　　Section A
　　Directions: In this section, you will hear 8 short conversations and 2 long conversations. At the end of each conversation, one or more questions will be asked about what was said.Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After each question there will be a pause. During the pause, you must read the four choices marked A), B),C) and D), and decide which is the best answer. Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答。
　　11.A) He has proved to be a better reader than the woman.
　　B) He has difficulty understanding the book.
　　C) He cannot get access to the assigned book.
　　D) He cannot finish his assignment before the deadline.
　　12.A) She will drive the man to the supermarket.
　　B) The man should buy a car of his own.
　　C) The man needn't go shopping every week.
　　D) She can pick the man up at the grocery store.
　　13.A) Get more food and drinks.    　B) Ask his friend to come over.
　　C) Tidy up the place.   　D) Hold a party.
　　14.A) The talks can be held any day except this Friday.
　　B) He could change his schedule to meet John Smith.
　　C) The first-round talks should start as soon as possible.
　　D) The woman should contact John Smith first.
　　15.A) He understands the woman's feelings.
　　B) He has gone through a similar experience.
　　C) The woman should have gone on the field trip.
　　D) The teacher is just following the regulations.
　　16.A) She will meet the man halfway.
　　B) She will ask David to talk less.
　　C) She is sorry the man will not come.
　　D) She has to invite David to the party.
　　17.A) Few students understand Prof. Johnson's lectures.
　　B) Few students meet Prof. Jonson's requirements.
　　C) Many students find Prof. Johnson's lectures boring.
　　D) Many students have dropped Prof. Johnson's class.
　　18.A) Check their computer files.
　　B) Make some computations.
　　C) Study a computer program.
　　D) Assemble a computer.
　　Questions 19 to 22 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
　　19.A) It allows him to make a lot of friends.
　　B) It requires him to work long hours.
　　C) It enables him to apply theory to practice.
　　D) It helps him understand people better.
　　20.A) It is intellectually challenging.
　　B) It requires him to do washing-up all the time.
　　C) It exposes him to oily smoke all day long.
　　D) It demands physical endurance and patience.
　　21.A) In a hospital.  B) At a coffee shop.  C) At a laundry.   D) In a hotel.
　　22.A) Getting along well with colleagues.
　　B) Paying attention to every detail.
　　C) Planning everything in advance.
　　D) Knowing the needs of customers.
　　Questions 23 to 25 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
　　23.A) The pocket money British children get.
　　B) The annual inflation rate in Britain.
　　C) The things British children spend money on.
　　D) The rising cost of raising a child in Britain.
　　24.A) It enables children to live better.
　　B) It goes down during economic recession.
　　C) It often rises higher than inflation.
　　D) It has gone up 25% in the past decade.
　　25.A) Save up for their future education.
　　B) Pay for small personal things.
　　C) Buy their own shoes and socks.
　　D) Make donations when necessary. 来源:考试大-英语四级考试
Section B
　　Directions: In this section, you will hear 3 short passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear some questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once.After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
　　注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答。
　　Passage One
　　Questions 26 to 29 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
　　26.A) District managers.
　　B) Regular customers.
　　C) Sales directors.
　　D) Senior clerks.
　　27.A) The support provided by the regular clients.
　　B) The initiative shown by the sales representatives.
　　C) The urgency of implementing the company's plans.
　　D) The important part played by district managers.
　　28.A) Some of them were political-minded.
　　B) Fifty percent of them were female.
　　C) One third of them were senior managers.
　　D) Most of them were rather conservative.
　　29.A) He used too many quotations.
　　B) He was not gender sensitive.
　　C) He did not keep to the point.
　　D) He spent too much time on details.
　　Passage Two
　　Questions 30 to 32 are based on the passage you have just heard.
　　30.A) State your problem to the head waiter.
　　B) Demand a discount on the dishes ordered.
　　C) Ask to see the manager politely but firmly.
　　D) Ask the name of the person waiting on you.
　　31.A) You problem may not be understood correctly.
　　B) You don't know if you are complaining at the right time.
　　C) Your complaint may not reach the person in charge.
　　D) You can't tell how the person on the line is reacting.
　　32.A) Demand a prompt response.
　　B) Provide all the details.
　　C) Send it by express mail.
　　D) Stick to the point.
　　Passage Three
　　Questions 33 to 35 are based on the passage you have just heard.
　　33.A) Fashion designer  　B) Architect.  C) City planner.  D) Engineer.
　　34.A) Do some volunteer work.
　　B) Get a well-paid part-time job.
　　C) Work flexible hours.
　　D) Go back to her previous post.
　　35.A) Few baby-sitters can be considered trustworthy.
　　B) It will add to the family's financial burden.
　　C) A baby-sitter is no replacement for a mother.
　　D) The children won't get along with a baby-sitter.
　　Section C
　　Directions: In this section, you will hear a passage three times. When the passage is read for the first time, you should listen carefully for its general idea. When the passage is read for the second time, you are required to fill in the blanks numbered from 36 to 43 with the exact words you have just heard. For blanks numbered from 44 to 46 you are required to fill in the missing information. For these blanks, you can either use the exact words you have just heard or write down the main points in your own words. Finally, when the passage is read for the third time, you should check what you have written.
　　注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答。
　　Almost every child, on the first day he sets foot in a school building, is smarter, more (36)______, less afraid of what he doesn't know, better at finding and (37) ______ things out, more confident, resourceful (机敏的), persistent and (38) ______ than he will ever be again in his schooling - or, unless he is very (39) ______ and very lucky, for the rest of his life. Already, by paying close attention to and (40) ______ with the world and people around him, and without any school-type (41) ______ instruction, he has done a task far more difficult, complicated and (42)______ than anything he will be asked to do in school, or than any of his teachers has done for years. He has solved the (43) ______ of language. He has discovered it - babies don't even know that language exists - and (44) ________________________________________________. He has done it by exploring, by experimenting, by developing his own model of the grammar of language, (45) ________________________________________________ until it does work. And while he has been doing this, he has been learning other things as well, (46) ________________________________________________, and many that are more complicated than the ones they do try to teach him.
Part IV Reading Comprehension (Reading in Depth) (25 minutes)
　　Section A
　　Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
　　Questions 47 to 56 are based on the following passage.
　　When we think of green buildings, we tend to think of new ones - the kind of high-tech, solar-paneled masterpieces that make the covers of architecture magazines. But the U.S. has more than 100 million existing homes, and it would be __47__ wasteful to tear them all down and __48__ them with greener versions. An enormous amount of energy and resources went into the construction of those houses. And it would take an average of 65 years for the __49__ carbon emissions from a new energy-efficient home to make up for the resources lost by destroying an old one. So in the broadest __50__, the greenest home is the one that has already been built. But at the same time, nearly half of U. S. carbon emissions come from heating, cooling and __51__ our homes, offices and other buildings. "You can't deal with climate change without dealing with existing buildings," says Richard Moe, the president of the National Trust.
　　With some __52__, the oldest homes tend to be the least energy-efficient. Houses built before 1939 use about 50% more energy per square foot than those built after 2000, mainly due to the tiny cracks and gaps that __53__ over time and let in more outside air.
　　Fortunately, there are a __54__ number of relatively simple changes that can green older homes, from __55__ ones like Lincoln's Cottage to your own postwar home. And efficiency upgrades (升级) can save more than just the earth; they can help __56__ property owners from rising power costs.
　　注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答。
  A) accommodations   B) clumsy   C) doubtful    D) exceptions   E) expand          F) historic   G) incredibly    H) powering    I) protect   J) reduced   K) replace        L) sense   M) shifted    N) supplying    O) vast
Section B
　　Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A), B), C) and D). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
　　Passage One
　　Questions 57 to 61 are based on the following passage.
　　You never see him, but they're with you every time you fly. They record where you are going,how fast you're traveling and whether everything on your airplane is functioning normally. Their ability to withstand almost any disaster makes them seem like something out of a comic book.They're known as the black box.
　　When planes fall from the sky, as a Yemeni airliner did on its way to Comoros Islands in the India ocean June 30, 2009, the black box is the best bet for identifying what went wrong. So when a French submarine (潜水艇) detected the device's homing signal five days later, the discovery marked a huge step toward determining the cause of a tragedy in which 152 passengers were killed.
　　In 1958, Australian scientist David Warren developed a flight-memory recorder that would track basic information like altitude and direction. That was the first mode for a black box, which became a requirement on all U.S. commercial flights by 1960. Early models often failed to withstand crashes, however, so in 1965 the device was completely redesigned and moved to the rear of the plane - the area least subject to impact - from its original position in the landing wells (起落架舱). The same year, the Federal Aviation Authority required that the boxes, which were never actually black, be painted orange or yellow to aid visibility.
　　Modern airplanes have two black boxes: a voice recorder, which tracks pilots' conversations,and a flight-data recorder, which monitors fuel levels, engine noises and other operating functions that help investigators reconstruct the aircraft's final moments. Placed in an insulated (隔绝的) case and surrounded by a quarter-inch-thick panels of stainless steel, the boxes can withstand massive force and temperatures up to 2,000H. When submerged, they're also able to emit signals from depths of 20,000 ft. Experts believe the boxes from Air France Flight 447, which crashed near Brazil on June 1,2009, are in water nearly that deep, but statistics say they're still likely to turn up. In the approximately 20 deep-sea crashes over the past 30 years, only one plane's black boxes were never recovered.
　　注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答。
　　57. What does the author say about the black box?
　　A) It ensures the normal functioning of an airplane.
　　B) The idea for its design comes from a comic book.
　　C) Its ability to ward off disasters is incredible.
　　D) It is an indispensable device on an airplane.
　　58. What information could be found from the black box on the Yemeni airliner?
　　A) Data for analyzing the cause of the crash.
　　B) The total number of passengers on board.
　　C) The scene of the crash and extent of the damage.
　　D) Homing signals sent by the pilot before the crash.
　　59. Why was the black box redesigned in 1965?
　　A) New materials became available by that time.
　　B) Too much space was needed for its installation.
　　C) The early models often got damaged in the crash.
　　D) The early models didn't provide the needed data.
　　60. Why did the Federal Aviation Authority require the black boxes be painted orange or yellow?
　　A) To distinguish them from the colour of the plane.
　　B) To caution people to handle them with care.
　　C) To make them easily identifiable.
　　D) To conform to international standards.
　　61. What do we know about the black boxes from Air France Flight 447?
　　A) There is still a good chance of their being recovered.
　　B) There is an urgent need for them to be reconstructed.
　　C) They have stopped sending homing signals.
　　D) They were destroyed somewhere near Brazil.
Passage Two
　　Questions 62 to 66 are based on the following passage.
　　The $11 billion self-help industry is built on the idea that you should turn negative thoughts like "I never do anything right" into positive ones like "I can succeed." But was positive thinking advocate Norman Vincent Peale right? Is there power in positive thinking?
　　Researchers in Canada just published a study in the journal Psychological Science that says trying to get people to think more positively can actually have the opposite effect: it can simply highlight how unhappy they are.
　　The study's authors, Joanne Wood and John Lee of the University of Waterloo and Elaine Perunovic of the University of New Brunswick, begin by citing older research showing that when people get feedback which they believe is overly positive, they actually feel worse, not better. If you tell your dim friend that he has the potential of an Einstein, you're just underlining his faults. In one 1990s experiment, a team including psychologist Joel Cooper of Princeton asked participants to write essays opposing funding for the disabled. When the essayists were later praised for their sympathy, they felt even worse about what they had written.
　　In this experiment, Wood, Lee and Perunovic measured 68 students' self-esteem. The participants were then asked to write down their thoughts and feelings for four minutes. Every 15 seconds, one group of students heard a bell. When it rang, they were supposed to tell themselves, "I am lovable."
　　Those with low self-esteem didn't feel better after the forced self-affirmation. In fact, their moods turned significantly darker than those of members of the control group, who weren't urged to think positive thoughts.
　　The paper provides support for newer forms of psychotherapy (心理治疗) that urge people to accept their negative thoughts and feelings rather than fight them. In the fighting, we not only often fail but can make things worse. Meditation (静思) techniques, in contrast, can teach people to put their shortcomings into a larger, more realistic perspective. Call it the power of negative thinking.
　　注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2 上作答。
　　62. What do we learn from the first paragraph about the self-help industry?
　　A) It is a highly profitable industry.
　　B) It is based on the concept of positive thinking.
　　C) It was established by Norman Vincent Peale.
　　D) It has yielded positive results.
　　63. What is the finding of the Canadian researchers?
　　A) Encouraging positive thinking many do more harm than good.
　　B) There can be no simple therapy for psychological problems.
　　C) Unhappy people cannot think positively.
　　D) The power of positive thinking is limited.
　　64. What does the author mean by "... you're just underlining his faults" (Line 4, Para. 3)?
　　A) You are not taking his mistakes seriously enough.
　　B) You are pointing out the errors he has committed.
　　C) You are emphasizing the fact that he is not intelligent.
　　D) You are trying to make him feel better about his faults.
　　65. What do we learn from the experiment of Wood, Lee and Perunovic?
　　A) It is important for people to continually boost their self-esteem.
　　B) Self-affirmation can bring a positive change to one's mood.
　　C) Forcing a person to think positive thoughts may lower their self-esteem.
　　D) People with low self-esteem seldom write down their true feelings.
　　66. What do we learn from the last paragraph?
　　A) The effects of positive thinking vary from person to person.
　　B) Meditation may prove to be a good form of psychotherapy.
　　C) Different people tend to have different ways of thinking.
　　D) People can avoid making mistakes through meditation.
 Part V Cloze (15 minutes)
　　Directions: There are 20 blanks in the following passage. For each blank there are four choices marked A), B), C) and D) on the right side of the paper. You should choose the ONE that best fits into the passage. Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
　　注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答。
　　The term e-commerce refers to all commercial transactions conducted over the Internet, including transactions by consumers and business-to-business transactions. Conceptually, e-commerce does not __67__ from well-known commercial offerings such as banking by phone, "mail order" catalogs, or sending a purchase order to supplier __68__ fax.E-commerce follows the same model __69__ in other business transactions; the difference __70__ in the details.
　　To a consumer, the most visible form of e-commerce consists __71__ online ordering. A customer begins with a catalog of possible items, __72__ an item, arranges a form of payment, and __73__ an order. Instead of a physical catalog, e-commerce arranges for catalogs to be __74__ on the Internet. Instead of sending an order on paper or by telephone, e-commerce arranges for orders to be sent __75__ a computer network. Finally, instead of sending a paper representation of payment such as a check, e-commerce __76__ one to send payment information electronically.
　　In the decade __77__ 1993, e-commerce grew from an __78__ novelty (新奇事物) to a mainstream business influence. In 1993, few __79__ had a web page, and __80__ a handful allowed one to order products or services online. Ten years __81__, both large and small businesses had web pages, and most __82__ users with the opportunity to place an order. __83__, many banks added online access, __84__ online banking and bill paying became __85__. More importantly, the value of goods and services __86__ over the Internet grew dramatically after 1997.
　　67.A) distract    B) descend  C) differ  D) derive
　　68.A) with      B) via     C) from   D) off
　　69.A) appeared  B) used    C) resorted  D) served
　　70.A) situates   B) lies  C) roots  D) locates
　　71.A) on  B) of  C) for  D) to
　　72.A) reflects  B) detects   C) protects  D) selects
　　73.A) sends in  B) puts out   C) stands for   D) carries away
　　74.A) visible   B) responsible   C) feasible   D) sensible
　　75.A) beside   B) over   C) beyond   D) up
　　76.A) appeals   B) admits   C) advocates   D) allows
　　77.A) after  B) behind   C) until   D) toward
　　78.A) optional   B) invalid   C) occasional   D) insignificant
　　79.A) communities   B) corps   C) corporations   D) compounds
　　80.A) largely   B) slightly   C) solely   D) only
　　81.A) lately   B) later   C) late   D) latter
　　82.A) offered    B) convinced   C) equipped    D) provided
　　83.A) Instead   B) Nevertheless   C) However   D) Besides
　　84.A) and   B) or   C) but   D) though
　　85.A) different   B) flexible   C) widespread   D) productive
　　86.A) acquired   B) adapted   C) practiced    D) proceeded
　　
Part VI Translation (5 minutes)
　　Directions: Complete the sentences by translating into English the Chinese given in brackets.Please write you translation on Answer Sheet 2.
　　注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答，只需写出译文部分。
　　87. Because of the noise outside, Nancy had great difficulty __________________ (集中注意力在实验上).
　　88. The manager never laughed; neither __________________ (她也从来没有发过脾气).
　　89. We look forward to __________________ (被邀请出席开幕式).
　　90. It is suggested that the air conditioner __________________ (要安装在窗户旁).
　　91. The 16-year-old girl decided to travel abroad on her own despite __________________ (她父母的强烈反对).
　作文范文：
　　Due Attention Should Be Given To Spelling
　　Correct spelling is a basic skill in English study. However, nowadays many students do not pay much attention to it.
　　They have their own reasons for misspelling. First of all, they like an easy way of studying, which causes some omissions and changes in spelling. Second, the teachers might not be very strict in students' spelling. In China, teachers seem to be more concerned with grammar and vocabulary but not spelling.
　　To change this situation, in my opinion, the teachers and the students should work together. On one and, the teachers should give more attention to students' spelling, asking the students to be conscious of the importance of correct spelling from the very beginning of their English study. On the other hand, the students themselves are supposed to be aware that correct spelling is a must in English study.
　　To sum up, correct spelling is so important that both students and the teachers should spare no efforts to achieve correct spelling.
　










2010年6月大学英语四级答案
　　1. A) her daughters' repeated complains
　　2. D) People haven't yet reached agreement on its definition
　　3. C) can realize what is important in life
　　4. A) it seriously affected family relationships
　　5. C) depressed
　　6. B) His family had intervened
　　7. B) curb his desire for online gaming
　　8. had an Internet addiction
　　9. professional help
　　10. online dating
　　听力答案
　　Section A
　　short conversation
　　11. C) He cannot get access to the assigned book.
　　12. A) She will drive the man to the supermarket.
　　13. C) Tidy up the place.
　　14. A) The talks can be held any day except this Friday.
　　15. A) He understands the woman's feelings.
　　16. D) She has to invite David to the party.
　　17. C) Many students find Prof. Johnson's lectures boring.
　　18. D) Assemble a computer.
　　long conversation
　　19. B) It requires him to work long hours.
　　20. D) It demands physical endurance and patience.
　　21. D) In a hotel.
　　22. B) Paying attention to every detail.
　　23. A) The pocket money British children get.
　　24. C) It often rises higher than inflation.
　　25. B) Pay for small personal things.
　　Section B
　　Passage 1
　　26. B) District managers
　　27. D) The important part played by district managers
　　28. B) Fifty percent of them were female
　　29. B) He was not gender sensitive
　　Passage 2
　　30. C) Ask to see the manager politely but firmly
　　31. D) You can't tell how the person on the line is reacting
　　32. D) Stick to the point
　　Passage 3
　　33. B) Architect
　　34. A) Do some volunteer work.
　　35. C) A baby-sitter is no replacement for a mother.
　　Section C
　　36. curious   37. figuring  　38. independent  　39. unusual  　40. interacting
　　41. formal   42. abstract    43. mystery
　　44. he has found out how it works and learnt to use it appropriately
　　45. by trying it out and seeing whether it works, by gradually changing it and refining it
　　46. including many of the concepts that the schools think only they can teach him
　　仔细阅读答案
　　Section A
　　47. G incredibly  48. K replace  49. J reduced  50. L sense  51. H powering
　　52. D exceptions  　53. E expand  54. O vast  55. F historic  56. I protect
　　Section B
　　Passage 1
　　57. C) Its ability to ward off disasters is incredible.
　　58. A) Data for analyzing the cause of the crash.
　　59. C) The early models often got damaged in the crash.
　　60. C) To make them easily identifiable.
　　61. A) There is still a good chance for their being recovered.
　　Passage 2
　　62. B) It is based on the concept of positive thinking
　　63. A) Encouraging positive thinking may do more harm than good
　　64. B) You are pointing out the errors he has committed
　　65. C) Forcing a person to think positive thoughts may lower their self-esteem
　　66. B) Meditation may prove to be a good form of psychotherapy
　　完型答案
　　67. B) differ  　68. B) via  69. B) used  70. B) lies  71. B) of  72. D) selects
　　73. A) sends in   74. A) visible  75. C) beyond   76. D) allows  77. B) behind
　　78. D) insignificant   　79. C) corporations   　80. D) only  81. B) later
　　82. D) provided  83. D) besides  84. A) and   85. C) widespread  86. A) acquired
　　翻译答案
　　87. (in) concentrating on the experiment/ focusing her attention on the experiment.
　　88. did she become angry/did she lose her temper before.
　　89. being invited to attend the opening ceremony.
　　90. (should) be fixed/installed by the window
　　91. the strong opposition of her parents/ her parents' strong opposition. 









2009年12月大学英语四级考试真题及答案
　　Part Ⅰ Writing (30 minutes)
　　注意：此部分试题在答题卡1上。
　　Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write a short essay on the topic of Creating a Green Campus. You should write at least 120 words following the outline given below:
　　1. 建设绿色校园很重要
　　2. 绿色校园不仅指绿色的环境......
　　3. 为了建设绿色校园，我们应该......
　　Creating a Green Campus
　　Part Ⅱ Reading Comprehension (Skimming and Scanning) (15 minutes)
　　Directions: In this part, you will have 15 minutes to go over the passage quickly and answer the questions on Answer Sheet 1. For questions 1-7, choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). For question 8-10, complete the sentences with the information given in the passage.
Colleges taking another look at value of merit-based aid
　　Good grades and high tests scores still matter-a lot-to many colleges as they award financial aid.
　　But with low-income students projected to make up an ever-larger share of the college-bound population in coming years, some schools are re-examining whether that aid, typically known as "merit aid", is the most effective use of precious institutional dollars.
　　George Washington University in Washington, D.C., for example, said last week that it would cut the value of its average merit scholarships by about one-third and reduce the number of recipients(接受者), pouring the savings, about $2.5 million, into need-based aid. Allegheny College in Meadville, Pa., made a similar decision three years ago.
　　Now, Hamilton College in Clinton, N.Y., says it will phase out merit scholarships altogether. No current merit-aid recipients will lose their scholarships, but need-based aid alone will be awarded beginning with students entering in fall 2008.
　　Not all colleges offer merit aid; generally, the more selective a school, the less likely it is to do so. Harvard and Princeton, for example, offer generous need-based packages, but many families who don't meet need eligibility(资格)have been willing to pay whatever they must for a big-name school.
　　For small regional colleges that struggle just to fill seats, merit aid can be an important revenue-builder because many recipients still pay enough tuition dollars over and above the scholarship amount to keep the institution running.
　　But for rankings-conscious schools in between, merit aid has served primarily as a tool to recruit top students and to improve their academic profits. "They're trying to buy students," says Skidmore College economist Sandy Baum.
　　Studies show merit aid also tends to benefit disproportionately students who could afford to enroll without it.
　　"As we look to the future, we see a more pressing need to invest in need-based aid," says Monica Inzer, dean of admission and financial aid at Hamilton, which has offered merit scholarships for 10 years. During that time, it rose in US News & World Report's ranking of the best liberal arts colleges, from 25 to 17.
　　Merit aid, which benefited about 75 students a year, or about 4% of its student body, at a cost of about $ 1 million a year, "served us well," Inzer says, but "to be discounting the price for families that don't need financial aid doesn't feel right any more."
　　Need-based aid remains by far the largest share of all student aid, which includes state, federal and institutional grants. But merit aid, offered primarily by schools and states, is growing faster, both overall and at the institutional level.
　　Between 1995-96 and 2003-04, institutional merit aid alone increased 212%, compared with 47% for need-based grants. At least 15 states also offer merit aid, typically in a bid to enroll top students in the state's public institutions.
　　But in recent years, a growing chorus(异口同声)of critics has begun pressuring schools to drop the practice. Recent decisions by Hamilton and others may be "a sign that people are starting to realize that there's this destructive competition going on," says Baum, co-author of a recent College Report that raises concerns about the role of institutional aid not based on need.
　　David Laird, president of the Minnesota Private College Council, says many of his schools would like to reduce their merit aid but fear that in doing so, they would lose top students to their competitors.
　　"No one can take one-sided action," says Laird, who is exploring whether to seek an exemption(豁免)from federal anti-trust laws so member colleges can discuss how they could jointly reduce merit aid, "This is a merry-go-round that's going very fast, and none of the institutions believe they can sustain the risks of trying to break away by themselves."
　　A complicating factor is that merit aid has become so popular with middle-income families, who don't qualify for need-based aid, that many have come to depend on it. And, as tuitions continue to increase, the line between merit and need blurs.
　　That's one reason Allegheny College doesn't plan to drop merit aid entirely.
　　"We still believe in rewarding superior achievements and know that these top students truly value the scholarship," says Scott Friedhoff, Allegheny's vice president for enrollment.
　　Emory University in Atlanta, which boasts a $4.7 billion endowment(捐赠), meanwhile, is taking another approach. This year, it announced it would eliminate loans for needy students and cap them for middle-income families. At the same time, it would expand its 28-year-old merit program.
　　"Yeah, we're playing the merit game," acknowledges Tom Lancaster, associate dean for undergraduate education. But it has its strong point, too, he says. "The fact of the matter is, it's not just about the lowest-income people. It's the average American middle-class family who's being priced out of the market."
　　*A few words about merit-based aid:
　　Merit-based aid is aid offered to students who achieve excellence in a given area, and is generally known as academic, athletic and artistic merit scholarships.
　　Academic merit scholarships are based on students' grades, GPA and overall academic performance during high school. They are typically meant for students going straight to college right after high school. However, there are scholarships for current college students with exceptional grades as well. These merit scholarships usually help students pay tuition bills, and they can be renewed each year as long as the recipients continue to qualify. In some cases, students may need to be recommended by their school or a teacher as part of the qualification process. 
　　Athletic merit scholarships are meant for students that excel(突出)in sports of any kind, from football to track and field events. Recommendation for these scholarships is required, since exceptional athletic performance has to be recognized by a coach or a referee(裁判). Applicants need to send in a tape containing their best performance.
　　Artistic merit scholarships require that applicants excel in a given artistic area. This generally includes any creative field such as art, design, fashion, music, dance or writing. Applying for artistic merit scholarships usually requires that students submit a portfolio(选辑)of some sort, whether that includes a collection of artwork, a recording of a musical performance or a video of them dancing.
　　1. With more and more low-income students pursuing higher education, a number of colleges are ________.
　　A) offering students more merit-based aid B) revising their financial aid policies
　　C) increasing the amount of financial aid D) changing their admission processes
　　2. What did Allegheny College in Meadville do three years ago?
　　A) It tried to implement a novel financial aid program.
　　B) It added $ 2.5 million to its need-based aid program.
　　C) It phased out its merit-based scholarships altogether.
　　D) It cuts its merit-based aid to help the needy students.
　　3. The chief purpose of rankings-conscious colleges in offering merit aid is to ______.
　　A) improve teaching quality B) boost their enrollments
　　C) attract good students D) increase their revenues
　　4. Monica Inzer, dean of admission and financial aid at Hamilton, believes ______.
　　A) it doesn't pay to spend $ 1 million a year to raise its ranking
　　B) it gives students motivation to award academic achievements
　　C) it's illogical to use so much money on only 4% of its students
　　D) it's not right to give aid to those who can afford the tuition
　　5. In recent years, merit-based aid has increased much faster than need-based aid due to ______.
　　A) more government funding to colleges B) fierce competition among institutions
　　C) the increasing number of top students D) schools' improved financial situations
　　6. What is the attitude of many private colleges toward merit aid, according to David Laird?
　　A) They would like to see it reduced.
　　B) They regard it as a necessary evil.
　　C) They think it does more harm than good.
　　D) They consider it unfair to middle-class families.
　　7. Why doesn't Allegheny College plan to drop merit aid entirely?
　　A) Raising tuitions have made college unaffordable for middle-class families.
　　B) With rising incomes, fewer students are applying for need-based aid.
　　C) Many students from middle-income families have come to rely on it.
　　D) Rising incomes have disqualified many students for need-based aid.
　　8. Annual renewal of academic merit scholarships depends on whether the recipients remain ______.
　　9. Applicants for athletic merit scholarships need a recommendation from a coach or a referee who ______ their exceptional athletic performance.
　　10. Applicants for artistic merit scholarships must produce evidence to show their ______ in a particular artistic field
Part Ⅲ Listening Comprehension (35 minutes)
　　Section A
　　Directions: In this section, you will hear 8 short conversations and 2 long conversations. At the end of each conversation, one or more questions will be asked about what was said. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After each question there will be a pause. During the pause, you must read the four choices marked A), B), C) and D), and decide which the best answer is. Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
　　Questions 11 to 18 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
　　11. A) Get some small change. B) Find a shopping center.
　　C) Cash a check at a bank. D) Find a parking meter.
　　12. A) Shopping with his son. B) Buying a gift for a child.
　　C) Promoting a new product. D) Bargaining with a salesgirl.
　　13. A) Taking photographs. B) Enhancing images.
　　C) Mending cameras. D) Painting pictures.
　　14. A) He moved to Baltimore when he was young.
　　B) He can provide little useful information.
　　C) He will show the woman around Baltimore.
　　D) He will ask someone else to help the woman.
　　15. A) He is rather disappointed. B) He is highly ambitious.
　　C) He can't face up to the situation D) He knows his own limitation.
　　16. A) She must have paid a lot　　B) She is known to have a terrific figure.
　　C) Her gym exercise has yielded good results.
　　D) Her effort to keep fit is really praiseworthy.
　　17. A) Female students are unfit for studying physics.
　　B) He can serve as the woman's tutor.
　　C) Physics is an important course at school.
　　D) The professor's suggestion is constructive.
　　18. A) Indifferent. B) Doubtful. C) Pleased. D) Surprised.
　　Questions 19 to 22 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
　　19. A) He prefers the smaller evening classes. B) He has signed up for a day course.
　　C) He has to work during the day. D) He finds the evening course cheaper.
　　20. A) Learn a computer language. B) Learn data processing.
　　C) Buy some computer software. D) Buy a few coursebooks.
　　21. A) Thursday evening, from 7:00 to 9:45. B) From September 1 to New Year's eve.
　　C) Every Monday, lasting for 12 weeks. D) Three hours a week, 45 hours in total.
　　22. A) What to bring for registration. B) Where to attend the class.
　　C) How he can get to Frost Hall. D) Whether he can use a check.
　　Questions 23 to 25 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
　　23. A) A training coach. B) A trading adviser.
　　C) A professional manager. D) A financial trader.
　　24. A) He can save on living expenses. B) He considers cooking creative.
　　C) He can enjoy healthier food. D) He thinks take-away is tasteless.
　　25. A) It is something inevitable.　　 B) It is frustrating sometimes.
　　C) It takes patience to manage. 　　 D) It can be a good thing.
　　Section B
　　Directions: In this section, you will hear 3 short passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear some questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
　　Questions 26 to 28 are based on the passage you have just heard.
　　26. A) There were no planets without moons. B) There was no air or water on Jupiter.
　　C) Life was not possible in outer space. D) The mystery of life could not be resolved.
　　27. A) It has a number of active volcanoes. B) It has an atmosphere like the earth's.
　　C) It has a large ocean under its surface. D) It has deep caves several miles long.
　　28. A) Light is not an essential element to it. B) Life can form in very hot temperatures.
　　C) Every form of life undergoes evolution. D) Oxygen is not needed for some life forms. 
Passage Two
　　Questions 29 to 31 are based on the passage you have just heard.
　　29. A) Whether they should take the child home.
　　B) What Dr. Mayer's instructions exactly were.
　　C) Who should take care of the child at home.
　　D) When the child would completely recover.
　　30. A) She encourages them to ask questions when in doubt.
　　B) She makes them write down all her instructions.
　　C) She has them act out what they are to do at home.
　　D) She asks them to repeat what they are supposed to do.
　　31. A) It lacks the stability of the printed word. B) It contains many grammatical errors.
　　C) It is heavily dependent on the context. D) It facilitates interpe 
Passage Three
　　Questions 33 to 35 are based on the passage you have just heard.
　　32. A) Job security. B) Good labour relations.
　　C) Challenging work. D) Attractive wages and benefits.
　　33. A) Many tedious jobs continue to be done manually.
　　B) More and more unskilled workers will lose jobs.
　　C) Computers will change the nature of many jobs.
　　D) Boring jobs will gradually be made enjoyable.
　　34. A) Offer them chances of promotion.
　　B) Improve their working conditions.
　　C) Encourage them to compete with each other.
　　D) Give them responsibilities as part of a team.
　　35. A) They will not bring real benefits to the staff.
　　B) They concern a small number of people only.
　　C) They are arbitrarily set by the administrators.
　　D) They are beyond the control of ordinary workers.
　　Section C
　　Directions: In this section, you will hear a passage three times. When the passage is read for the first time, you should listen carefully for its general idea. When the passage is read for the second time, you are required to fill in the blanks numbered from 36 to 43 with the exact words you have just heard. For blanks numbered from 44 to 46 you are required to fill in the missing information. For these blanks, you can either use the exact words you have just heard or write down the main points in your own words. Finally, when the passage is read for the third time, you should check what you have written.
　　注意：此部分试题在答题卡2上。
　　In the humanities, authors write to inform you in many ways. These methods can be (36) ______ into three types of informational writing: factual, descriptive, and process.
　　Factual writing provides (37) ______ information on an author, composer, or artist or on a type of music, literature, or art. Examples of factual writing include notes on a book jacket or (38) ______ cover and longer pieces, such as an article describing a style of music which you might read in a music (39) ______ course. This kind of writing provides a (40) ______ for your study of the humanities.
　　As its name (41) ______, descriptive writing simply describes, or provides an (42) ______ of, a piece of music, art, or literature. For example, descriptive writing might list the colors an artist used in a painting or the (43) ______ a composer included in a musical composition, so as to make pictures or sounds in the reader's mind by calling up specific details of the work. (44) ________.
　　Process writing explains a series of actions that bring about a result. (45) ________. This kind of writing is often found in art, where understanding how an art has created a certain effect is important. (46) _________.
　　Part Ⅳ Reading Comprehension (Reading in Depth) (25 minutes)
　　Section A
　　Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
　　Questions 47 to 56 are based on the following passage.
　　In families with two working parents, fathers may have more impact on a child's language development than mothers, a new study suggests.
　　Researchers 47 92 families form 11 child care centers before their children were a year old, interviewing each to establish income, level of education and child care arrangements. Overall, it was a group of well-class families, with married parents both living in the home.
　　When the children were 2, researchers videotaped them at home in free-play sessions with both parents, 48 all of their speech. The study will appear in the November issue of The Journal of Applied Developmental Psychology.
　　The scientists measured the 49 number of utterance (话语) of the parents, the number of different words they used, the complexity of their sentences and other 50 of their speech. On average, fathers spoke less than mothers did, but they did not differ in the length of utterances or proportion of questions asked.
　　Finally, the researchers 51 the children's speech at age 3, using a standardized language test. The only predictors of high scores on the test were the mother's level of education, the 52 of child care and the number of different words the father used. 
　　The researchers are 53 why the father's speech, and not the mother's, had an effect.
　　"It's well 54 that the mother's language does have an impact," said Nadya Pancsofar, the lead author of the study. It could be that the high-functioning mothers in the study had 55 had a strong influence on their children's speech development, Ms. Pancsofar said, "or it may be that mothers are 56 in a way we didn't measure in the study."
　　注意：此部分试题在答题卡1上。
　　A) already B) analyzed C) aspects D) characters E) contributing F) describing
　　G) established H) quality I) quoted J) recording K) recruited L) total
　　M) unconscious N) unsure O) yet 
Section B
　　Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A), B), C) and D). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
　　Passage One
　　Questions 57 to 61 are based on the following passage.
　　Throughout this long, tense election, everyone has focused on the presidential candidates and how they'll change America. Rightly so, but selfishly, I'm more fascinated by Michelle Obama and what she might be able to do, not just for this country, but for me as an African-American woman. As the potential First Lady, she would have the world's attention. And that means that for the first time people will have a chance to get up close and personal with the type of African-American woman they so rarely see.
　　Usually, the lives of black women go largely unexamined. The prevailing theory seems to be that we're all hot-tempered single mothers who can't keep a man. Even in the world of make-believe, black women still can't escape the stereotype of being eye-rolling, oversexed females raised by our never-married, alcoholic (酗酒的) mothers.
　　These images have helped define the way all women are viewed, including Michelle Obama. Before she ever gets the chance to commit to a cause, charity or foundation as First Lady, her most urgent and perhaps most complicated duty may be simple to be herself.
　　It won't be easy. Because few mainstream publications have done in-depth features on regular African-American women, little is known about who we are, what we think and what we face on a regular basis. For better or worse, Michelle will represent us all.
　　Just as she will have her critics, she will also have millions of fans who usually have little interest in the First Lady. Many African-American blogs have written about what they'd like to see Michelle bring to the White House-mainly showing the world that a black woman can support her man and raise a strong black family. Michelle will have to work to please everyone-an impossible task. But for many African-American women like me, just a little of her poise (沉着), confidence and intelligence will go a long way in changing an image that's been around for far too long.
　　57. Why does Michelle Obama hold a strong fascination for the author?
　　A) She serves as a role model for African women.
　　B) She possesses many admirable qualities becoming a First Lady.
　　C) She will present to the world a new image of African-American women.
　　D) She will pay closer attention to the interests of African-American women.
　　58. What is the common stereotype of African-American women according to the author?
　　A) They are victims of violence. B) They are of an inferior violence.
　　C) They use quite a lot of body language. D) They live on charity and social welfare.
　　59. What do many African-Americans write about in their blogs?
　　A) Whether Michelle can live up to the high expectations of her fans.
　　B) How Michelle should behave as a public figure.
　　C) How proud they are to have a black woman in the White House.
　　D) What Michelle should do as wife and mother in the White House.
　　60. What does the author say about Michelle Obama as a First Lady?
　　A) However many fans she has, she should remain modest,
　　B) She shouldn't disappoint the African-American community.
　　C) However hard she tries, she can't expect to please everybody.
　　D) She will give priority to African-American women's concerns.
　　61. What do many African-American women hope Michelle Obama will do?
　　A) Help change the prevailing view about black women.
　　B) Help her husband in the task of changing America.
　　C) Outshine previous First Lady.
　　D) Fully display her fine qualities.
　　Passage Two
　　Questions 62 to 66 are based on the following passage.
　　When next year's crop of high-school graduates arrive at Oxford University in the fall of 2009, they'll be joined by a new face; Andrew Hamilton, the 55-year-old provost (教务长) of Yale, who'll become Oxford's vice-chancellor-a position equivalent to university president in America.
　　Hamilton isn't the only educator crossing the Atlantic. Schools in France, Egypt, Singapore, etc, have also recently made top-level hires from abroad. Higher education has become a big and competitive business nowadays, and like so many businesses, it's gone global. Yet the talent flow isn't universal. High-level personnel tend to head in only one direction: outward from America.
　　The chief reason is that American schools don't tend to seriously consider looking abroad. For example, when the board of the University of Colorado searched for a new president, it wanted a leader familiar with the state government, a major source of the university's budget. "We didn't do any global consideration," says Patricia Hayes, the board's chair. The board ultimately picked Bruce Benson, a 69-year-old Colorado businessman and political activist (活动家) who is likely to do well in the main task of modern university presidents: fund-raising. Fund-raising is a distinctively American thing, since U.S. schools rely heavily on donations. The fund-raising ability is largely a product of experience and necessity.
　　Many European universities, meanwhile, are still mostly dependent on government funding. But government support has failed to keep pace with rising student number. The decline in government support has made funding-raising an increasing necessary ability among administrators and has hiring committees hungry for Americans.
　　In the past few years, prominent schools around the world have joined the trend. In 2003, when Cambridge University appointed Alison Richard, another former Yale provost, as its vice-chancellor, the university publicly stressed that in her previous job she had overseen "a major strengthening of Yale's financial position."
　　Of course, fund-raising isn't the only skill outsiders offer. The globalization of education means more universities will be seeking heads with international experience of some kind of promote international programs and attract a global student body. Foreigners can offer a fresh perspective on established practices.
　　62. What is the current trend in higher education discussed in the passage?
　　A) Institutions worldwide are hiring administrators from the U.S.
　　B) A lot of political activists are being recruited as administrators.
　　C) American universities are enrolling more international students.
　　D) University presidents are paying more attention to funding-raising.
　　63. What is the chief consideration of American universities when hiring top-level administrators?
　　A) The political correctness. B) Their ability to raise funds.
　　C) Their fame in academic circles. D) Their administrative experience.
　　64. What do we learn about European universities from the passage?
　　A) The tuitions they charge have been rising considerably.
　　B) Their operation is under strict government supervision.
　　C) They are strengthening their position by globalization.
　　D) Most of their revenues come from the government.
　　65. Cambridge University appointed Alison Richard as its vice-chancellor chiefly because _____.
　　A) she was known to be good at raising money
　　B) she could help strengthen its ties with Yale
　　C) she knew how to attract students overseas
　　D) she had boosted Yale's academic status
　　66. In what way do top-level administrators from abroad contribute to university development?
　　A) They can enhance the university's image.
　　B) They will bring with them more international faculty.
　　C) They will view a lot of things from a new perspective.
　　D) They can set up new academic disciplines. 
Part Ⅴ Cloze (15 minutes)
　　Directions: There are 20 blanks in the following passage. For each blank there are four choices marked A), B), C), and D) on the right side of the paper. You should choose the ONE that best fits into the passage. Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
　　Older people must be given more chances to learn if they are to contribute to society rather than be a financial burden, according to a new study on population published recently.
　　The current people approach which 67 on younger people and on skills for employment is not 68 to meet the challenges of demographic (人口结构的) change, it says. Only 1% of the education budget is 69 spent on the oldest third of the population.
　　The 70 include the fact that most people can expect to spend a third of their lives in 71 , that there are now more people over 59 than under 16 and that 11.3 million people are 72 state pension age.
　　" 73 needs to continue throughout life. Our historic concentration of policy attention and resources 74 young people cannot meet the new 75 ," says the report's author, Professor Stephen McNair.
　　The major 76 of our education budget is spent on people below the age of 25. 77 people are changing their jobs, 78 , partners and lifestyles more often than 79 , they need opportunities to learn at every age 80 , some people are starting new careers in their 50s and later. 
　　People need opportunities to make a "midlife review" to 81 to the later stage of employed life, and to plan for the transition (过渡) 82 retirement, which may now happen 83 at any point from 50 to over 90, says McNair.
　　And there should be more money 84 to support people in establishing a 85 of identity and finding constructive 86 for the "third age", the 20 or more years they will spend in healthy retired life.
　　67. A) operates B) focuses C) counts D) depends
　　68. A) superior B) regular C) essential D) adequate
　　69. A) currently B) barely C) anxiously D) heavily
　　70. A) regulations B) obstacles C) challenges D) guidelines
　　71. A) enjoyment B) retirement C) stability D) inability
　　72. A) over B) after C) across D) beside
　　73. A) Indentifying B) Learning C) Instructing D) Practicing
　　74. A) at B) by C) in D) on
　　75. A) desires B) realms C) needs D) intentions
　　76. A) measure B) ratio C) area D) portion
　　77. A) When B) Until C) Whether D) Before
　　78. A) neighbors B) moods C) homes D) minds
　　79. A) age B) ever C) previously D) formerly
　　80. A) For example B) By contrast C) In particular D) On average
　　81. A) transform B) yield C) adjust D) suit
　　82. A) within B) from C) beyond D) to
　　83. A) unfairly B) unpredictably C) instantly D) indirectly
　　84. A) reliable B) considerable C) available D) feasible
　　85. A) sense B) conscience C) project D) definition
　　86. A) ranks B) assets C) ideals D) roles
　　Part VI Translation (5 minutes)
　　Directions: Complete the sentences by translating into English the Chinese given in brackets. Please write your translation on Answer Sheet 2.
　　87. You would not have failed if you __________________________(按照我的指令去做).
　　88. Despite the hardship he encountered, Mark never ______________(放弃对知识的追求).
　　89. Scientists agree that it will be a long time ______________(我们找到治愈癌症的方法).
　　90. Production has to be increased considerably to __________________(与消费者不断增长的需求保持同步).
　　91. The more exercise you take,________________________(你越不大可能得感冒). 



2009年12月大学英语四级考试答案详解
　　Part Ⅰ Writing
　　审题谋篇
　　本次四级作文主题为"绿色校园"，这是一个看似简单普通的话题，写起来却不是那么容易。因为很多考生对于"绿色校园"所表达的内涵感觉比较生僻。假如对"绿色校园"这一主题感到难以把握，考生可以从作文提纲入手进行分析以获取对"绿色校园"这一概念的相关信息。根据作文提示2，可以看出此处的"绿色校园"指的决不仅仅是青青的草地和高大的树木构成的校园绿色风景，也不仅仅指对校园环境的珍视和爱护，而是指一种环境保护的文化氛围和师生具有的环境素养，以及由此带来的和谐的人文环境和社会绩效。在深入理解概念的基础上，考生还应对 "绿色校园"的重要性进行剖析，这时，考生可以从多个角度组织素材，比如从校园的环境问题出发，进而扩展到师生的环境意识对"绿色校园"所产生的长远意义以及为未来环境改善所做的贡献。最后是阐述建设"绿色校园"所要采取的措施。需要注意的就是作文给分的重点在于考生如何用恰当的语言词汇表达自己的思想观点。而不是写得越多，得分就越高。一般分成三个自然段，大概十句话，基本的分布为首段、末段合起来五句或六句，中间段五句或四句，做到结构清楚，重点突出，就可以了。
　　参考范文
　　Creating a Green Campus
　　Recently, with the idea of making and maintaining "a green earth" being the focus of the society, "green campus" has become a more and more popular concept in universities or colleges, which, undoubtedly, will bring us an ever-lasting benefit to both our campus and our society.
　　The concept of "green campus" does not only mean a green environment but also refers to an environmental sense in people's mind. Campus plays a crucial role in educating the young generation and the consciousness of "green campus" will definitely produce a profound effect on students' various environmental protection activities after their graduation. What's more, the young generation is under the burden of severe environmental pollution and there are many problems waiting for them to solve.
　　To make "green campus" come true, firstly, it is necessary to work out effective principles for the development of sustainable and recyclable campus. Secondly, it calls for people's awareness of the serious pollution around us and actual action to reduce the waste. Last but not least, it is necessary to strengthen the ties between campus and society, so as to ensure that "green campus" can work smoothly with the co-effort of the whole society.
　　建设绿色校园
　　近来，随着建设并保持"绿色地球"的观念成为社会关注的焦点，"绿色校园"也成为校园里流行的话题。这无疑会给我们的校园和社会带来长远的利益。
　　"绿色校园"不仅仅指绿色的环境，还包括人们头脑中的环境意识。学校在培养年轻一代上起着关键作用，"绿色校园"的意识必定会对学生毕业后的环境保护意识产生长远影响。更为重要的是，年轻一代面临着严重的环境污染，有太多问题等待他们去解决。
　　为使"绿色校园"成为现实，首先应该制定出可持续发展、可长远发展的有效政策。其次，还需要人们对环境污染的严肃性有正确认识并采取实际行动切实减少污染。最后但同样重要的是，有必要加强学校和社会的联系以便在全社会共同努力下使"绿色校园"顺利实施。
　　范文点评
　　范文以"绿色校园"开篇，保证了文章切题。第一段开门见山，强调当今环保理念下构建"绿色校园"的长远意义。第二段，着重讨论"绿色校园"的含义，指出"绿色校园"不仅指校园中的绿化，还指生活在校园中的人们的绿色和环保意识，把校园这个小环境和社会这个大环境结合起来，说理更加深刻。第三段是谈及具体的做法，分一、二、三点进行论述，无疑是使"绿色校园"的理念落在实处。结构完整，首尾呼应，用词准确。关系词的正确使用让句与句之间、段与段之间衔接紧凑，思想表达成熟有深度。
　　【生动的用词】 maintain保持;concept概念;profound长远的;sustainable可持续的;recyclable可循环的。
　　【丰富的短语】bring benefit to带来利益;play a crucial role in发挥关键作用;under the burden of在......重负下;come true实现;call for要求。
　　【多变的句式】
　　范文中长句、短句、简单句、复杂句交叉使用。不同句型之间的转换，能让阅卷老师更好地了解考生对句子结构的掌握运用，从而获得高分。
　　避错指导
　　本次作文在题材上，虽然仍然延续了我们所熟悉校园类话题，但与社会背景有很大关系。刚刚闭幕的哥本哈根世界气候大会使环保减排这个主题成为焦点，在全世界都提倡可持续发展、和谐发展这一背景下的"绿色校园"，同时也是一个社会热点话题，这是我们审题时所必须考虑的。另外开篇时，切忌拖泥带水，应直截了当，使阅卷老师对文章主题一目了然。
　　除正确审题之外，考生还应注意语言的准确运用，不落俗套。不同句型之间转换时，考生应对句子结构全面掌握，避免句式错误造成扣分。
　　最后，应尽量避免单词拼写错误。本次作文常见的卷面拼写错误如下表：
　　正确拼写 词性及词义 错误的拼写
　　focus n. 焦点 focuse
　　effect n. 影响 effection /affect
　　environment n. 环境 envirment/invironment
　　burden n. 负担 burdon
　　solve v. 解决 slove
　　serious a. 严肃的 serous
　　true a. 真的 ture
　　society n. 社会 soceity
　　theory n. 理论 thery
　　总之，考生在构思和写作过程中要尽可能做到思路完整，恰如其分地选择词汇。毕竟，无错表达才是四级语言表达合格的核心。
　　能力拓展
　　【同义词转换】
　　作文表达除了准确，还要做到句式多变，词汇灵活多样。
　　1. realize → be aware of 意识到
　　We'd better be aware of the seriousness of pollution around us. 我们最好意识到周围污染的严峻性。
　　2. keep → preserve 保持
　　It is necessary to educate the students to be conscious of the importance to preserve the environment. 有必要教育学生意识到保护环境的重要性。
　　3. lead → conduct 引导
　　This will help conduct the activities of the college students. 这有助于引导大学生的行为。
　　【话题备考锦囊】
　　6. The idea of "a green campus" is beyond a green environment. "绿色校园"绝不仅仅是一个绿色环境。
　　7. The construction of "a green campus" will greatly stimulate students to take part in various environmental protection activities. 建设"绿色校园"将会极大激励学生参与环境保护。
　　8. To bring "a green campus" to its full play, effective measures should be taken. 为全面实施"绿色校园"，必须采取有效措施。
　　9. Campus construction is of vital importance not only to the physical development of students but to their mental health as well. 校园建设不仅对学生的身体发展很重要，而且对他们的心理健康也很重要。
　　10. There is little doubt that further consideration must be paid to our green campus. 毫无疑问，对于绿色校园应该给与更多的思考。
　　【话题词汇拓展】
　　devastation n. 毁坏　　　　　　　　　　　　disastrous a. 损失惨重的
　　doom v. 厄运，毁灭　　　　　　　　　　　 existence n. 存在，生活
　　healthful a. 健康的                      　messy a. 肮脏的，凌乱的
　　participation n. 分享，参与                 preserve v. 保存，保护
　　preventive a. 预防性的                     purify v. 澄清，净化
　　stimulation n. 激励，鼓舞                  arouse consciousness 唤起意识
　　命题风向标
　　本次作文难度适中，与之前考试中出现的"限塑"主题有千丝万缕的联系。考生要想在本次作文中获取高分，除了审题恰当独到，还要有扎实的语言基础。如本文主题"绿色校园"可以采用多种表达：green campus和environmental-friendly campus;"绿色校园的构建"可以使用create，build up，establish和construct等，以体现考生对词汇多样性的积累。
　　从关注白色污染到关注博物馆免费开放，再到绿色校园构建，四级作文命题重点在侧重校园类话题的同时开始向与大学生生活有关的话题转移。由此也凸显了对历年真题分析的重要意义。更多地立足真题，总结规律，切实提高自己语言能力，始终是四级作文备考的根本。 
　Part Ⅱ Reading Comprehension (Skimming and Scanning)
　　篇章结构

核心词汇
　　1. aid n. ①帮助，援助 ②助手v. 帮助，援助
　　【用】financial aid经济援助;merit aid/ Merit-based奖学金;need-based aid助学金或经济资助;foreign aid外援，对外援助;hearing aid助听器;aids and appliances用具，设备【搭】in aid to用来帮助，起......作用;lead one's aid (to)援助，给予帮助;in aid of作为援助......之用【拓】aidance n. 协助，帮助;aidant a. 帮助的;aided a. 辅助的
　　2. project v. ①设计 ②发射n. 事业，计划，工程
　　【用】Project Hope希望工程;project manager项目经理;project plan项目规划;project budget项目预算，工程预算【拓】projection n. 突出，发射;projecting a. 突出的
　　3. selective a. 选择性的
　　4. 【用】selective analysis重点分析;selective breeding选择育种，选择性繁殖 【拓】select v. 挑选，选拔a. 精选的;selection n. 选择，挑选，选集
　　5. package n. 包裹;套装软件，程序包a. 一揽子的
　　【用】package design包装设计;package agreement一揽子安排，一揽子方案;package holiday(旅行社安排一切的)一揽子旅游;package tour包办旅行(路线、地点、时间和费用等均作统一规定和安排的旅游);package program组装程序【拓】pack n.包装，背包v. 包装，压紧;packaged a. 袋装的;packager n. 打包机
　　6. ranking a. 头等的;n. 等级，地位
　　【用】ranking list排名;ranking method等级法，排序法
　　【拓】rank n. 等级;队列;v. 排列，列队
　　7. grant v. ①授予 ②承认;n. ①授予物 ②拨款
　　【用】grant of a patent授予专利权【搭】take...for granted认为......是理所当然; Granted/Granting that即使......(也)【拓】grants n. 补助金，津贴(grant的复数)
　　8. enrol v. 登记，入学，参军，注册
　　【搭】enrol in选课，参加【拓】enrollment n. 登记，入伍;enrollee n. 入学者，入伍者
　　9. eliminate v. 消除，排除
　　【用】eliminate illiteracy扫盲;eliminate poverty消除贫困;eliminate noise 消除噪声【拓】eliminate 是指把已进入者从中排除;exclude v. 指把想进入者拒之门外
　　10. qualify v. 使具有资格，证明......合格【用】qualifying examination资格考试，初试;qualifying competition预选赛，资格赛 【搭】qualify as 取得......资格，作为......合适;qualify for有......的资格，合格【拓】qualified a. 有资格的，合格的
　　11. excel v. 胜过，优于，擅长n. [计算机] 软件名称
　　【搭】to excel in/at (在某方面)胜过(或超过)别人;to excel in music 擅长音乐
　　【拓】 excellent a. 极好的，卓越的;excellence n. 优秀，长处
　　12. submit v. 使服从，提交【用】submit oneself to discipline遵守纪律;submit registration提交登记表，提交注册【搭】submit to 服从;submit...to 将......呈交给【拓】 submission n. 服从，投降
　　试题详解
　　1. 【原题译文】随着越来越多的低收入学生追求高等教育，一些学院__。
　　B【快速解题】本题的题干关键词是more and more，low-income students和pursuing higher education。由此即可定位到原文第二段，全文的主旨段。
　　【篇章分析】原文第二段指出："But with low-income students projected to make up an ever-larger share of the college-bound population in coming years, some schools are re-examining whether that aid, typically known as merit aid, is the most effective use of precious institutional dollars."原文中with low-income students projected to make up an ever-larger share of the college-bound population和题干中with more and more low-income students pursuing higher education意思一致;原文中re-examining和B选项中revise意思相同。所以答案为B。
　　2. 【原题译文】位于米德维尔的阿勒格尼学院三年前做了什么?
　　D【快速解题】本题的题干关键词是大学名称Allegheny College in Meadville和do，由此定位到原文第三段。
　　【篇章分析】原文第三段指出："George Washington University in Washington, D.C., for example, said last week that it would cut the value of its average merit scholarships by about one-third and reduce the number of recipients (接受者), pouring the savings, about $2.5 million, into need-based aid. Allegheny College in Meadville, Pa., made a similar decision three years ago."题目中的D项It cut its merit-based aid help the needy students与原文cut the value of its average merit scholarships by about one-third and reduce the number of recipients, pouring the savings, about $2.5 million, into need-based aid意思相同，所以答案为D。
　　3. 【原题译文】有排名意识的大学提供奖学金的主要目的是__。
　　C【快速解题】本题的题干关键词是rankings-conscious和purpose，由此可定位到原文第七段。
　　【篇章分析】原文第七段指出："But for rankings-conscious schools in between, merit aid has served primarily as a tool to recruit top students and to improve their academic profiles."原文中的recruit表示"招收"，和答案C中的attract意思相似，所以答案为C。
　　4. 【原题译文】汉密尔顿的入学和助学金办公室主任莫尼卡?英泽相信__。
　　D【快速解题】本题的题干关键词是Monica Inzer, dean of admission and financial aid at Hanilton，由此可定位到原文第十段。
　　【篇章分析】原文第十段指出："to be discounting the price for families that don't need financial aid doesn't feel right any more."原文与D项it's not right to give aid to those who can afford the tuition意思相同，所以答案为D。
　　5. 【原题译文】近年来，奖学金的增长比助学金快得多，是因为__。
　　B【快速解题】本题的题干关键词是merit-based aid和increased，由此即可定位到原文第十二段第二句。
　　【篇章分析】原文第十二段第二句指出："typically in a bid to enroll top students in the state's public institutions." in a bid to 可以理解为"为了......，力求......"。enroll top students in the state's public institutions符合原题意思，所以答案为B
6. 【原题译文】依大卫?莱尔德来看，许多私立学院对奖学金的态度是什么?
　　A【快速解题】本题的题干关键词是David Laird，attitude，private colleges和merit aid，由此即可定位到原文第十四段。
　　【篇章分析】原文第十四段指出："David Laird, president of the Minnesota Private College Council, says many of his schools would like to reduce their merit aid"。原文和答案A项They would like to see it reduced意思一致，所以答案为A。
　　7. 【原题译文】为什么阿勒格尼学院不打算完全取消奖学金?
　　C【快速解题】本题的题干是Allegheny College和drop merit aid。由此即可定位到原文第十六段。
　　【篇章分析】原文第十六段指出："A complicating factor is that merit aid has become so popular with middle-income families, who don't qualify for need-based aid, that many have to depend on it."。原文中depend on和答案C选项中的rely on意思相同，所以答案为C。
　　8. qualified
　　【原题译文】每年是否可以继续享受学术奖学金取决于奖学金得主是否继续________。
　　【快速解题】本题的题干关键词是annual renewal，academic，merit scholarships和recipient，由此即可定位到原文A few words about merit-based aid这一部分。
　　【篇章分析】原文A few words about merit-based aid部分第四句指出："These merit scholarships usually help students pay tuition bills, and they can be renewed each year as long as the recipients continue to qualify"。 这些奖学金通常帮助学生交纳学费，只要他们继续符合条件，每年都可以继续享受。原文中的each year在本题中被换成了annual，原文中的renewed在本题中被换成了名词renewal，原文中的continue被转换成了remain，所以本题应该填形容词qualified。
　　9. recognizes
　　【原题译文】体育奖学金申请者要求有______其在运动方面有杰出表现的教练或裁判的推荐。
　　【快速解题】本题的题干关键词是athletic和a coach or a referee，由此即可定位到原文A few words about merit-based aid这一部分第三段。
　　【篇章分析】原文A few words about merit-based aid这一部分第三段："Recommendation for this scholarships is required, since exceptional athletic performance has to be recognized by a coach or a referee (裁判)."本奖学金必须有人推荐，因为杰出的运动表现必须得到教练或裁判的认可。题目把原文的被动结构变成了主动，而a coach or a referee是第三人称单数，所以本题应该填的答案是recognizes。
　　10. excellence
　　【原题译文】艺术奖学金要求申请者必须提交能表明其在某一领域______的证明。
　　【快速解题】本题的题干关键词是applicants，artistic merit scholarships，produce evidence和show，由此可定位到原文A few words about merit-based aid这一部分第四段。
　　【篇章分析】原文A few words about merit-based aid这一部分第四段指出："Artistic merit scholarships require that applicants excel in a given artistic area"。艺术奖学金要求申请者在一定艺术领域有突出表现。原文中的in a given artistic field和题目中的in a particular artistic field同义，题目中需要填的是动词show的宾语，即一个名词，而原句中对应的excel却是动词词性，需要变成名词形式，所以答案就是excel的名词形式excellence。
　　全文精译
　　大学重新审视奖学金的价值
　　许多大学给予学生经济资助时，最重要的依据仍然是学生良好的评估等级和较高的试卷分数。
　　但是在未来几年里，预计低收入家庭的学生数占大学生总数的比例越来越大。一些学校正在重新考虑奖学金是否是利用大学宝贵的资金最有效的途径。
　　例如，华盛顿特区的乔治?华盛顿大学上周公布说将削减约三分之一的奖学金，减少奖学金得主数，而将节省下来的大约250万美元用于助学金。位于宾夕法尼亚州米德维尔的阿勒格尼学院三年前也做出了类似的决定。
　　纽约克林顿市的哈密尔顿学院说它将逐步淘汰奖学金。该规定不会使现有的奖学金得主失去奖学金，助学金制度将从2008年秋天入学的学生开始实行。
　　并不是所有的大学都提供奖学金;一般来说，淘汰率越高的学校，越不太可能提供奖学金。例如，哈佛大学和普林斯顿大学慷慨地提供了各种助学金，但是许多不符合助学条件的家庭为了上名牌大学不管付多少钱都愿意。
　　对于规模较小的地方性学院来说，他们只是努力填满空缺，奖学金只是财政收入的重要来源，因为许多奖学金得主仍需支付比奖学金金额更高的学费，而正是这些学费维持大学的运转。
　　但是对于有排名意识的学校，奖学金已经成为招收一流学生和改善他们的学术效益的一种主要工具。斯基德莫尔大学的经济学家桑迪?波美说，"他们试图购买学生"。
　　研究表明奖学金存在一种倾向，即大部分奖学金得主不依靠奖学金仍能支付得起学费。
　　"展望未来，更迫切需要的助学金投资"，汉密尔顿的入学和助学金办公室主任莫尼卡?英泽说。汉密尔顿大学已提供10年的奖学金。在这段时间里，在《美国新闻和世界报导》对最好的文学院的排名中，它从第25名上升到第17名。
　　奖学金每年帮助了大约75名学生，或大约4%的学生，花费大约为一年1百万美元，"奖学金给我们带来了好处"，英泽说，但"奖学金这种变相优惠学费的做法对不需要经济援助的家庭来说，似乎不妥。"
　　助学金目前仍是学生接受资助的主要方式，包括国家助学金、联邦助学金和机构助学金。但是，从总体上和大学层面上来看，主要由学校和州提供的奖学金增长速度很快。
　　一项由美国宾州州立大学教授唐纳德?海勒主持的研究报告表明，在1995-96和2003-04年之间，仅就大学的奖学金而言，增加了212%，而助学金增加了47%。至少有15个州也提供奖学金，通常是为了在公立大学中招收优等生。
　　但是近年来，越来越多的批评已经迫使大学开始减少这种做法。汉密尔顿和其他大学最近的决策可能是"一种迹象，表明人们开始意识到这种破坏性的竞争"，波美说。波美与他人合作，共同发表了一份《大学报告》，对于大学资助不是建立在需要的基础之上表示担忧。
　　明尼苏达私立大学委员会主席大卫?莱尔德认为，很多私立学校想减少奖学金，但害怕这样做，会使优秀学生流失到他们的竞争对手那里去。
　　"没有人可以采取单方面行动，"莱尔德说。他正在探索是否能获得联邦反托拉斯法的豁免，以使会员大学可以讨论如何共同降低奖学金。"这是一个跑得很快的旋转木马，没有大学相信他们能承受摆脱木马束缚的风险。"
　　一个复杂因素就是，奖学金已经在不符合助学金条件的中产阶级家庭中变得很受欢迎，结果许多家庭都依靠它。并且，随着学费不断增加，奖助学金之间的界限也变得模糊了。
　　这是阿勒格尼大学并不打算完全取消奖学金的理由之一。
　　"我们仍然相信对成绩优异者进行奖励的效用，好学生很重视奖学金"， 阿勒格尼大学负责招生的副校长斯科特?弗利达霍夫说。
　　位于亚特兰大的艾莫利大学以拥有47亿美元的捐赠而自豪。同时该校拟采取新政策。今年，该大学宣布将取消特困生贷款，同时对中产阶级家庭的贷款进行限额，但它将扩大其已有28年历史的奖学金项目。
　　"是的，我们在玩奖学金游戏，"负责大学本科教育的副院长汤姆兰?卡斯特承认。但这也有它的优势，他说，"事实上，这不仅仅关系到低收入人群，它还关系到无缘问津助学金、普通的美国中产阶级家庭。"
　　* 关于奖学金制度的几点补充
　　奖学金是向在某一领域杰出的学生提供的资助，通常是指学术、体育和艺术奖学金。
　　学术奖学金是以学生在高中阶段的分数，平均成绩和学术表现为基础。它们通常是专门为学生在高中毕业后直接进入大学而设置的。然而，还有为学习成绩格外突出的在校大学生准备的奖学金。这些奖学金通常帮助学生交纳学费，只要他们继续符合条件，每年都可以继续享受。某些情况下，学生在申请过程中可能需要学校或者一位教师推荐。
　　运动奖学金是为在任何一种体育运动中突出的学生设置的奖学金，从足球到田径项目。本奖学金必须有人推荐，因为杰出的运动表现必须得到教练或裁判的认可。申请者需要寄送包含他们最佳表现的一盘磁带。
　　艺术奖学金要求申请者在一定艺术领域有突出表现。一般包括创作领域，如艺术、设计、时装、音乐、舞蹈或写作。申请艺术奖学金，通常要求学生提供一个选辑，它可以包括艺术作品集、音乐表演录像或舞蹈的视频
Part Ⅲ Listening Comprehension
　　Section A
　　试题详解
　　11. A) Get some small change. A)换取零钱。
　　B) Find a shopping center. B)找一个购物中心。
　　C) Cash a check at a bank. C)在银行兑现支票。
　　D) Find a parking meter. D) 找一个停车计费器。
　　【听音指导】选项均缺少主语，属于细节题加转折题型，预读时无需关注句意，直接找相似场景即可，并且按照听力短对话规律，重点仍然在女士话语当中，典型的"转折"出答案题型。
　　【正确项分析】由but后的money changer可知男生需要换零钱，可快速排除选项B (购物中心)和选项D (停车) 二个场景，答案应在选项A、C当中。C选项虽也和"钱"有关，但对话中对该选项中的银行只字未提，由此可知答案为选项A。
　　【原文及译文】
　　M: Excuse me. Do you have change for a ten-dollar note? I need to pay the parking meter.
　　W: I'm sorry, but I think you can get it through the money changer in the shopping center across the street.
　　Q: What is the man trying to do?
　　男士：打扰一下，你能给我换开一张10美元的钞票吗?我需要支付停车费。
　　女士：很抱歉，但我觉得你可以到马路对面的购物中心里的货币兑换中换取零钱。
　　问题：男士要干什么?
　　【词汇点拨】parking meter 停车计费器;cash a check 支票兑现;change n. 零钱
　　12. A) Shopping with his son. A) 与儿子一起购物。
　　B) Buying a gift for a child. B) 给孩子买礼物。
　　C) Promoting a new product. C) 促销新产品。
　　D) Bargaining with a salesgirl. D) 与女售货员讨价还价。
　　【听音指导】预览选项，可发现均缺少主语，与11题一样，属于细节题加建议题型，直接寻找相似场景即可，可快速排除选项C，因为只有C选项是关于"出售"(促销)，而其它选项都和"购买"有关;答案应在选项A、B、D中。
　　【正确项分析】女士话语仍具有绝对指导意义，非常简单的建议考点，竟然直接用到了suggest，其后必有答案，女生提到toy train和brand，加上男生说的school boy，可确定答案为选项B。
　　【干扰项分析】A选项中的son是无中生有，切忌主观猜测。选项D可在听时排除，原文中并无任何涉及关于"还价"或具体金额的内容。
　　【原文及译文】
　　M: Can you recommend something that a school boy of 7 or 8 will really like?
　　W: I'd suggest this toy train, sir. It's an excellent brand. Very popular all over the world these days.
　　Q: What is the man doing?
　　男士：你能给我推荐一个七八岁学童真正喜欢的东西吗?
　　女士：我给你推荐这款玩具火车。这是一个优秀的品牌。在世界各地都非常受欢迎。
　　问题：男士正在做什么?
　　【词汇点拨】recommend v. 推荐;brand n. 品牌;promote v. 促销;bargain v. 讨价还价
　　13. A) Taking photographs. A) 拍照。
　　B) Enhancing images. B) 突显形象。
　　C) Mending cameras. C) 修理相机。
　　D) Painting pictures. D) 画画。
　　【听音指导】选项仍均缺少主语，属于细节考查题。选项D与其他三项明显不同，可初步排除。第一句由女士发出，需仔细聆听，原文提到taking pictures(拍照)，由此确定话题方向。
　　【正确项分析】女士说话中提到taking pictures，与选项A中的taking photographs一致，答案为A选项。
　　【原文及译文】
　　W: Do you let people know when you're taking pictures of them?
　　M: I try not to. You know any picture of a person who poses for the camera would look dull and unnatural.
　　Q: What are the speakers talking about?
　　女士：你给人们拍照时，会让他们知道吗?
　　男士：尽量不让他们知道。你也知道一个人为拍照摆出的姿势看起来呆滞、不自然。
　　问题：讲话人在谈论什么?
　 【词汇点拨】pose v. 摆姿势 n. 姿势，姿态;enhance v. 提高，加强;image n. 图像，形象
　　14. A) He moved to Baltimore when he was young. A) 他年轻的时候搬到巴尔的摩。
　　B) He can provide little useful information. B) 他提供不了太多有用信息。
　　C) He will show the woman around Baltimore. C) 他将领女士参观巴尔的摩。
　　D) He will ask someone else to help the woman. D) 他将找其他人来帮助女士。
　　【听音指导】此题考查意义解释题加转折题型，此类题型答案多为"听见什么不选什么"。 本题需要对考生有一定的实力要求，属于可"失分"的题目。关注动词 move to，provide，show around和ask。
　　【正确项分析】经典转折考法，直接用but定位答案即可，男生说自己当时还很年轻，言下之意自己对当地情况不够了解。答案为B选项。
　　【干扰项分析】根据四级听力中短对话"尾词错误原则"，即结尾内容听得越清楚越不能选，可顺利排除A选项。选项C没有提及。选项D与选项B为相似项，其中应有答案，男士并未主动提出找人帮忙，故排除选项D。
　　【原文及译文】
　　W: I need to talk to someone who knows Baltimore well. I'm told you lived there.
　　M: Oh, but I was really young at the time
　　Q: What does the man mean?
　　女士：我需要找个非常了解巴尔的摩的人。我听说你曾在那里居住过。
　　男士：哦，但是我那时候太年轻了。
　　问题：男士是什么意思?
　　【词汇点拨】show around 领......参观 
15. A) He is rather disappointed. A) 他非常失望。
　　B) He is highly ambitious. B) 他很有抱负。
　　C) He can't face up to the situation. C) 他不能面对处境。
　　D) He knows his own limitation. D) 他知道自己的不足。
　　【听音指导】预读四个选项时只有B提到了"正面、积极"的方向，可初步排除。选项预读较难，但本题属于经典转折题型，关注相应标志词即可。but出现表示"前否后肯"，直接用but定位答案，就可选出正确选项。
　　【正确项分析】原文是"承担责任前需要积累更多经验"，表明他知道自己的不足之处，与选项D同义。
　　【干扰项分析】A选项中是rather，与原文的a little 不一致，可排除。C选项原文中未曾提及。
　　【原文及译文】
　　W: Aren't you disappointed that you didn't get the promotion?
　　M: Maybe a little, but I know I need more experience before I'm ready for that kind of responsibility.
　　Q: What do we learn about the man from this conversation?
　　女士：你没有被提升，不觉得失望吗?
　　男士：可能有一点，但我觉得承担责任前需要积累更多经验。
　　问题：从此对话可以得知男士的什么信息?
　  【词汇点拨】disappointed a. 失望的;ambitious a. 有雄心的;promotion n. 晋升;responsibility n. 责任
　　16. A) She must have paid a lot for the gym. A) 她一定在健身房花了很多钱。
　　B) She is known to have a terrific figure. B) 她以身材好而闻名。
　　C) Her gym exercise has yielded good results. C) 她的健身锻炼取得了很好的效果。
　　D) Her effort to keep fit is really praiseworthy. D) 她努力健身的做法值得称赞。
　　【听音指导】预读四个选项，可知选项A与其他三项明显不同，可初步排除。选项B、C都是关于锻炼效果极佳的表达，按照惯例其中应该有答案。本题为意义解释题，同义替换是答案。
　　【正确项分析】男士提到your effort has paid off，这与选项C中的has yielded good results一致，故选择C项。
　　【干扰项分析】男士赞扬女士身材好，但未曾提到她以此闻名，B选项可排除。男士也未称赞她的作法，故排除选项D。
　　【原文及译文】
　　W: I've been working out the gym since January. I was a bit out of shape.
　　M: You look terrific. It seems that your effort has paid off.
　　Q: What does the man imply about the woman?
　　女士：我从一月份一直在健身房锻炼。我之前都有些走形了。
　　男士：现在你看起来很棒。看来你的努力没有白费。
　　问题：男士暗示女士什么?
　　【词汇点拨】gym n. 健身房;yield v. 产生;keep fit 保持体型;work out 体育锻炼;out of shape 走形，走样;pay off 得到好结果
　　17. A) Female students are unfit for studying physics. A) 女学生不适合学习物理。
　　B) He can serve as the woman's tutor. B) 他可以担当女士的家庭教师。
　　C) Physics is an important course at school. C) 在学校，物理是一门很重要的学科。
　　D) The professor's suggestion is constructive. D) 教授的建议是有建设性的。
　　【听音指导】本题选项预读最难，找不出明显的相反或相似选项，听前可暂时确定两组方向。选项A、C与物理有关，选项B、D是导师的建议，待场景明确后再排除。
　　【正确项分析】首句用到suggest接着说到tutor场景明确，和选项B、D有关，排除选项A、C。首句Professor Clark suggested I get a tutor for advanced physics，可知答案为选项D。
　　【原文及译文】
　　W: Professor Clark suggested I get a tutor for advanced physics.
　　M: Well, that might help. Advanced physics is a pretty difficult course.
　　Q: What does the man mean?
　　女士：克拉克教授建议我得为高等物理找个家庭教师。
　　男士：嗯，那可能有帮助。高等物理确实是一门比较难的科目。
　　问题：男士的意思是什么?
　　【词汇点拨】tutor n. 家庭教师;constructive a. 有益的，建设性的
　　18. A) Indifferent. A) 漠不关心的。
　　B) Doubtful. B) 怀疑的。
　　C) Pleased. C) 高兴的。
　　D) Surprised. D) 惊奇的。
　　【听音指导】预读时可排除唯一的"积极"选项C。本题为加了"弦外之音" 意义解释题，同义替换是答案，此类题有较少的明显的语言点可以指示答案，难度较大。听音时关注说话者的语气。
　　【正确项分析】女士所谓的好消息是谈话的两个人都没有被炒鱿鱼。男士却既不兴奋，也没有表示怀疑，所以轻易排除选项B、C。因为他已经有点厌倦这份工作了，甚至想到要去辞职。与选项A意义相符。
　　【原文及译文】
　　W: Bill, have you heard the latest news? It appears we two won't be laid off after all.
　　M: Oh, I'm somewhat tired of working here. I've been wondering whether I should resign. Anyway, the news seems to be good for you.
　　Q: How does the man feel about the news?
　　女士：比尔，知道最新消息吗?好像我俩都没有被炒鱿鱼。
　　男士：哦，我在这儿工作有些厌烦了，我一直在考虑我是否应该辞职。无论如何，这个消息对你来说是个好事。
　　问题：男士对新闻是怎么看的?
　　【词汇点拨】indifferent a. 漠不关心的;doubtful a. 持怀疑态度的;lay off 解雇;resign v.辞职;be tired of ... 对......厌倦
Questions 19 to 22 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
　　19. A) He prefers the smaller evening classes. A) 他更喜欢晚上的小班课程。
　　B) He has signed up for a day course. B) 他已经报名参加白天课程。
　　C) He has to work during the day. C) 他白天上班。
　　D) He finds the evening course cheaper. D) 他发现晚上课程更便宜。
　　【听音指导】预览选项，选项A、D讨论evening class，选项B讲述day course，立刻可推测此长对话与课程有关，且该课程有day class和evening class之分。从这四个选项暗含的意义推测，男士应偏重于evening class，可初步推测，此题考查男士选择evening class的原因。
　　【正确项分析】原文中男士明确说明it would have to be an evening course since I work during the day，关键词在于since，正所谓"因果必考"，选项C与原文相符。
　　20. A) Learn a computer language. A) 学习一门计算机语言。
　　B) Learn data processing. B) 学习数据处理。
　　C) Buy some computer software. C) 买一些电脑软件。
　　D) Buy a few course books. D) 买一些课本。
　　【听音指导】行为动作考查题，根据19题推测，本对话涉及报班，由本题四个选项可知，所报课程与电脑有关，因为前三项均与computer有关。可知选项D与其他三项明显不同，可初步排除。本题也为一细节题，在听力过程中，应适时记录相关信息。
　　【正确项分析】女士先提到了Have you taken any courses in data processing，在其后紧跟着又对其进行了解释data processing is a course you have to take before you can take computer programming。对于data processing在对话中重复出现，且与问题相符，故选择B选项。
　　21. A) Thursday evening, from 7:00 to 9:45. A) 周四晚，7点至9点45分。
　　B) From September 1 to New Year's eve. B) 从9月1号至新年前夕。
　　C) Every Monday, lasting for 12 weeks. C) 每周一，持续12周。
　　D) Three hours a week, 45 hours in total. D) 一星期三小时，总共45小时。
　　【听音指导】由选项即可知本题考查数字的细节题，且考查的数字为持续的时间，初步推测为某一课程所持续的时间。所以如在听力过程中涉及数字都要作笔记，且应注意数字的上下文场景。
　　【正确项分析】对该问题的回答，信息较分散，最初提到了every Monday, from 7 to 9:45。接下来在let me see停顿之后出现答案12 weeks，from September 1 to Christmas eve. 整合以上信息，应选C。
　　【干扰项分析】选项A错在Thursday evening，原文中明确给出应该是Monday evening。选项B中的New Year's eve也是偷梁换柱，应为Christmas eve。选项D涉及小计算，每晚3小时，持续12周，应大约总共36小时才正确。
　　22. A) What to bring for registration. A) 登记时需要带什么。
　　B) Where to attend the class. B) 到哪里去上课。
　　C) How he can get to Frost Hall. C) 去弗罗斯特大厅怎么走。
　　D) Whether he can use a check. D) 他是否能用支票。
　　【听音指导】根据"前二后二必考"原则，本题又为本对话的最后一题，此题必在文章后面出题。由四选项的形式可初步推测，本题考查的是问题的内容。
　　【正确项分析】本题的问题直截了当，在原文中男士给出了明确的提问，Is there anything that I should bring with me? 与选项A同义。
　　【干扰项分析】许多考生按照常理或主观臆测选定选项B，此项在原文中恰恰没有提到。原文中男士也明确表明I know how to get there，选项C是多余的。文中虽提到checkbook，是女士对男士问题的回答，而非男士的发问，故排除。
　　【原文及译文】
　　W: Hello, Parkson College. May I help you?
　　M: Yes. I'm looking for information on courses in computer programming. I would need it for the fall semester.
　　W: Do you want a day or evening course?
　　M: Well, it would have to be an evening course since I work during the day.
　　W: Aha. Have you taken any courses in data processing?
　　M: No.
　　W: Oh! Well, data processing is a course you have to take before you can take computer programming.
　　M: Oh, I see. Well, when is it given? I hope it is not on Thursdays.
　　W: Well, there's a class that meets on Monday evenings at 7.
　　M: Just once a week?
　　W: Yes. But that's almost 3 hours from 7 to 9:45.
　　M: Oh! Well, that's alright. I could manage that. How many weeks does the course last?
　　W: Mm, let me see. 12 weeks. You start the first week in September, and finish, oh, just before Christmas. December 21st.
　　M: And how much is the course?
　　W: That's 300 dollars including the necessary computer time.
　　M: Ah-hum. Okay, Eh, where do I go to register?
　　W: Registration is on the second and third of September between 6 and 9 in Frost Hall.
　　M: Is that the round building behind the parking lot?
　　W: Yes, that's the one.
　　M: Oh, I know how to get there. Is there anything that I should bring with me?
　　W: No, just your checkbook.
　　M: Well, thank you very much.
　　W: You're very welcome. Bye!
　　M: Bye!
　　19: Why does the man choose to take an evening course?
　　20: What does the man have to do before taking the course of computer programming?
　　21: What do we learn about the schedule of the evening course?
　　22: What does the man want to know at the end of the conversation?
　　女士：你好。帕克森大学，有什么事需要帮忙吗?
　　男士：是的。我想咨询有关计算机程序设计课程的信息。我想在秋季学期上课。
　　女士：白天上课还是晚上上课?
　　男士：哦，因为我白天工作，我想晚上上课。
　　女士：嗯。你学过关于数据处理的课程吗?
　　男士：没有。
　　女士：哦! 好的，在学习计算机编程之前必须学习数据处理。
　　男士：哦，我明白了。数据处理什么时候上课? 我希望不是星期四。
　　女士：哦，有一个班在周一晚上7点。
　　男士：一周仅上一次?
　　女士：是的。从7点到9点45分，差不多3个小时。
　　男士：哦! 没关系，我可以做到。几个星期的课程?
　　女士：嗯，让我看看。12周。你从九月第一次周末开始，哦，圣诞节前夕12月21日结课。
　　男士：这门课程多少钱?
　　女士：300美元，包括必要的上机时间。
　　男士：好的，嗯，我到哪里去登记?
　　女士：在9月2号、3号6 点至 9点在弗罗斯特大厅登记。
　　男士：是停车场后面的圆形大楼吗?
　　女士：是的，就是那儿。
　　男士：哦，我知道怎么到那儿去。我必须要带什么东西吗?
　　女士：不用，只要带着支票簿即可。
　　男士：哦，太谢谢了。
　　女士：不用客气。再见!
　　男士：再见!
　　19：为什么男士选择晚间上课?
　　20：在上计算机程序设计课程之前必须要做什么?
　　21：我们能从晚间课程了解到什么信息?
　　22：在谈话最后男士想了解什么信息?
　　【词汇点拨】course n. 课程;computer programming 计算机编程;data processing 数据处理;parking lot 停车场;schedule n. 时间表
Questions 23 to 25 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
　　23. A) A training coach. A) 教练员。
　　B) A trading adviser. B) 商业顾问。
　　C) A professional manager. C) 职业经理。
　　D) A financial trader. D) 金融交易商。
　　【听音指导】本题为本长对话的第一题，出题点必在对话开始，由选项可知，本题涉及职业， 对于职业的考查也是前几年四级考试的重点。
　　【正确项分析】男士在文中明确提及trading in financial markets，根据同义推断原理，可推断该男士的职业是financial trader.
　　24. A) He can save on living expenses. A) 他可以节省生活费用。
　　B) He considers cooking creative. B) 他认为烹饪是具有创新性的。
　　C) He can enjoy healthier food. C) 他喜欢健康食物。
　　D) He thinks take-away is tasteless. D) 他觉得外带食品不好吃。
　　【听音指导】预览选项，可知选项A与其他三项明显不同，可初步排除。本题与食物或烹饪有关。所以在听音过程中，如提及cooking或food，应多加注意，适时记录。
　　【正确项分析】 听音过程中听到此句I always cook a meal rather than have a take-away，即可知答案就在附近，接下来的一句To do something my brain will regard as creative中，出现了关键词creative，选项B与之相符，故选择B选项。
　　25. A) It is something inevitable. A) 是某种不可避免的事情。
　　B) It is frustrating sometimes. B) 有时候令人沮丧。
　　C) It takes patience to manage. C) 它需要耐心来管理。
　　D) It can be a good thing. D) 它可能是件好事。
　　【听音指导】本题是细节加评论题，关键要弄清楚各选项中it所指代的内容。本文出现频率最多的词是stress，可大胆推测，此题考查的是对stress的评述。本题又是此长对话的最后一题，答案应在听力对话的后两句。
　　【正确项分析】I do actually enjoy an element of uncertainty. 只要抓住此句中的一个关键词uncertainty，此题便可轻易而解，选项A正确。
　　【原文及译文】
　　W: So, why exactly does your job have a reputation for being stressful?
　　M: Stress is generally driven by the feeling of being out of control of a situation and the feeling of a situation controlling you. Trading in financial markets combines both.
　　W: How do you relax in the evening?
　　M: I very rarely do anything work-related so it's easy to escape the markets. I generally go to the gym or go for a run, especially if I've had a bad day. I always cook a meal rather than have a take-away. To do something my brain would regard as creative.
　　W: Do you think what you do for relaxation is an effective way to beat stress?
　　M: I don't think there is a specific rule about how to beat stress. I generally find out what I do is effective for me.
　　W: Would you consider changing your job because of the high stress factor?
　　M: I have considered leaving my job due to stress-related factors. However, I do think that an element of stress is a good thing, and if used the right way, it can actually be a positive thing.
　　W: What do you enjoy about the stressful aspects of your job?
　　M: Having said all that, I do actually enjoy an element of uncertainty. I enjoy a mental challenge. Trading generates a wide range of emotions second by second. How you deal with and manage those emotions dictates short, medium and long term trading performance and success.
　　23: What is the man's job?
　　24: Why does the man prefer to cook a meal rather than have a take-away?
　　25: What does the man say about an element of stress in his job?
　　女士：那么，到底为什么你的工作以紧张出名呢?
　　男士：当人们束手无策或感觉被控制时，就会有压力感。金融市场上的交易正是这两者的结合。
　　女士：你晚上如何放松?
　　男士：我很少做与工作有关的事情，所以很容易逃脱市场。我通常去健身房或是出去跑步。尤其是在我感觉某天很糟糕的时候，更是如此。我总是做饭，而不是叫外卖。做点儿有创意的事。
　　女士：你认为你放松自己的方法对消除压力有效吗?
　　男士：消除压力没有特定的法宝。总的来说，我发现我所做的一切对我来说都是有效的。
　　女士：你是否因压力大而考虑换工作呢?
　　男士：因为压力的因素我曾考虑过离开我的工作。但是，我认为压力是一件好事。如果运用得当，压力实际上是有益的。
　　女士：你喜欢工作中的哪些压力?
　　男士：说了这么多，我的确喜欢不确定因素。我喜欢挑战。交易会在瞬间产生一系列大范围的情绪波动。你如何处理及管理这些情绪支配着中短期及长期交易业绩和成功。
　　23：男士的工作是什么?
　　24：为什么男士喜欢做饭，而不是叫外卖?
　　25：关于工作中的压力感，男士说了什么?
　　【词汇点拨】reputation n. 名声，名气;combine v. 合并;financial a. 金融的;take-away 外带食品;positive a. 积极的，有益的;uncertainty n. 不确定性
Section B
　　Passage One
　　篇章结构
　　本次四级听力篇章从内容难度上来讲，比2009年6月的更难。此篇文章属于天文类，讲的是除地球以外的星球上形成生命的可能性。曾经科学家们认为其他星球上存在生命的可能性不大，但是现在科学家在渐渐地定位那些有可能会形成生命的地方。文章对此举了一个例子，就是木星的一个卫星，叫木卫二。
　　词汇点拨
　　fascinated a. 着迷的;surface n. 表面;bacteria n 细菌;automatically ad. 自动地;probe n.探头，探针;evolution n. 进化
　　话题词汇
　　beneath prep. 在......之下  Jupiter n. 木星  　moon n. 卫星，月球  nitrogen n. 氮
　　planet n. 行星，星球   　volcanic activity 火山活动
　　难句解析
　　1. Since early times, people have been fascinated with the idea of life existing somewhere else besides earth.
　　【解析】since early times作时间状语，主句主语为people，谓语为be fascinated with，即"对......着迷"，着迷的对象是idea of life，existing somewhere else besides earth为现在分词作定语修饰名词life。
　　2. The probes have also made scientists think that under its surface Europa has a rocky core giving off volcanic heat.
　　【解析】本句主句部分谓语成分为make sb. do sth.，让某人做某事，that引出think的从句。从句的主语为Europa，giving off volcanic heat作定语修饰has的宾语a rocky core。
　　试题详解
　　26. A) There were no planets without moons. A) 除了卫星外没有行星。
　　B) There was no air or water on Jupiter. B) 在木星上没有空气或水。
　　C) Life was not possible in outer space. C) 在外空是没有生命的。
　　D)The mystery of life could not be resolved D) 生命的奥秘是不能解决的。
　　【听音指导】预览选项，可知本题考查细节事实题。鉴于此题位于本短文的第一题，答案应在最初几句中找到，具体的说，是在开头30秒。选项D与其他三项明显不同，可初步排除。听音时关注no planets，no air or water还是no life。
　　【正确项分析】第一题问的是科学家曾经(once)相信什么事实?那么根据我们的理解，应该是他们认为外太空不可能存在生命。这个答案出现在原文的第二句，原文是Until recently, scientists believed that life on other planets was just a hopeful dream，意为科学家们认为在其他星球上存在生命只不过是个充满希望的梦。故选择C项。
　　27. A) It has a number of active volcanoes. A) 有很多活火山。
　　B) It has an atmosphere like the earth's. B) 有像地球上的大气层。
　　C) It has a large ocean under its surface. C) 在它的表面有一个大海洋。
　　D) It has deep caves several miles long. D) 有几英里长的深洞穴。
　　【听音指导】通过选项即可确定本题为对于某一事物的细节描述题，所以首先要解决各选项中it所指的内容。由第一题选项可初步推测，本题很可能考查的是对一个星球的描述。
　　【正确项分析】问题为科学家在木卫二星球上找到什么，那么应该是Space probes have provided evidence that Europa has a large ocean under its surface，意为航空观测镜发现了星球表面下有个大的海洋。C选项与原文一模一样。
　　28. A) Light is not an essential element to it. A) 光不是必备因素。
　　B) Life can form in very hot temperatures. B) 生命在很热的温度下能够形成。
　　C) Every form of life undergoes evolution. C) 每种生命的形成都需要进化。
　　D) Oxygen is not needed for some life forms. D) 氧在生命形成过程中没有必要。
　　【听音指导】根据惯例，最后一个问题答案出现在篇章结束前三十秒左右，选项均涉及生命形成因素，分别为light，hot temperatures，evolution和oxygen，根据这些信息，可轻易在短文结束前找到答案。
　　【正确项分析】注意转折连词but前后，原文为Until recently, scientists thought that light was essential. But now, places have been found on earth that are in total blackness such as caves several miles beneath the ocean. And bacteria, primitive forms of life, have been seen there。意为科学家一直以为光是很重要的，但是现在他们发现完全黑暗的地方-比如几英里深的洞里，也有生命，即细菌。可见，光不是必备因素，选项A正确。
　　原文及译文
　　Since early times, people have been fascinated with the idea of life existing somewhere else besides earth. Until recently, scientists believed that life on other planets was just a hopeful dream. But now they are beginning to locate places where life could form. In 1997, they saw evidence of planets near other stars like the sun. But scientists now think that life could be even nearer in our own solar system. One planet scientists are studying very closely is Europa, a moon of Jupiter. Space probes have provided evidence that Europa has a large ocean under its surface. The probes have also made the scientists think that under its surface Europa has a rocky core giving off volcanic heat. Water and heat from volcanic activity are two basic conditions needed for life to form. A third is certain basic chemicals such as carbon, oxygen and nitrogen. Scientists believe there might be such chemicals lying at the bottom of Europa's ocean. They may have already created life or may be about to. You may wonder if light is also needed for life to form. Until recently, scientists thought that light was essential. But now, places have been found on earth that are in total blackness such as caves several miles beneath the ocean. And bacteria, primitive forms of life have been seen there. So the lack of light in Europa's sub-surface ocean doesn't automatically rule out life forming.
　　26. What did scientists once believe according to the passage?
　　27. What have scientists found about Europa, a moon of Jupiter?
　　28. What have scientists come to know recently about the formation of life?
　　从很早以前，人们一直迷恋着地球以外的地方也存在生命的想法。直到近来，科学家们认为在其他星球上存在生命只不过是个充满希望的梦。但是，现在他们开始查找可能有生命的地方。1997年，科学家们在恒星附近，例如太阳，发现了行星的踪迹。科学家们现在认为生命可能我们更近，就在太阳系内。科学家们正密切关注的地方是木卫二，木星的一个卫星。太空探测器提供了证据表明木卫二表层之下有一个海洋。探测器也让科学家们认为木卫二表层有散发出火山热的岩石核心。火山活动的水和热量是生命形成的两个基本条件。第三个是一些基本的化学物质，如碳、氧和氮。科学家们认为在木卫二海洋底部可能存在这样的化学成分。他们可能已经创造了生命或即将产生生命。你可能在想光也是生命形成的必要条件。直到最近，科学家们仍认为光是不可或缺的。但现在已经在地球上发现，海洋几英里之下的黑暗的洞穴内有细菌，即原始生命形式的存在。所以不能排除缺乏光的木卫二地下海洋有生命形成的可能性。
　　26. 根据短文，科学家曾相信什么?
　　27. 科学家们发现关于木卫二的什么信息?
　　28. 最近，科学家就生命的形成了解到什么?
　　Passage Two
　　篇章结构
　　本篇讲述医生发现用纸记录下的东西比口语交流的信息更加准确和稳定。问题源自一位医生在对一个孩子的家庭口述交待了出院后的注意事项之后，发现这些亲属们竟然记不清到底医生讲了些什么，于是医生决定在以后交待注意事项的时候要把这些内容全印成纸质的东西，因为纸质的东西比口语更可靠。
　　词汇点拨
　　suffer v. 遭受;confusing a. 令人迷惑的;episode n. 插曲;version n. 版本;challenge v. 挑战
　　话题词汇
　　context n. 上下文  　physician n. 内科医生  　recover v. 恢复  　stability n. 稳定性
　　act out 表演出来   　emergency room 急诊室  　oral communication 口头交际
　　tailored to 定制的
　　难句解析
　　1. Also listening to her were a half a dozen other family members.
　　【解析】此句为倒装句，强调listening to her，主语为a half a dozen other family members。正常语序为：A half a dozen other family members were also listening to her.
　　2. All of them had heard the simple instructions I have given just a few hours before, but they have three or four different versions.
　　【解析】本句两分句由连词but连接，had heard为过去完成时，表示在家人问玛雅医生之前就发生了此动作。I have given just a few hours before做定语修饰the simple instructions，省略连接词that。 
试题详解
　　29. A) Whether they should take the child home. A) 他们是否应该将孩子带回家。
　　B) What Dr. Mayer's instructions exactly were. B) 玛雅医生的医嘱到底是什么。
　　C) Who should take care of the child at home. C) 谁在家照顾孩子。
　　D) When the child would completely recover. D) 什么时候这个孩子能完全恢复。
　　【听音指导】浏览四个选项，应注意到都为wh-开头的疑问词，且提到了医生和孩子，take care of 以及recover，可初步推测此题涉及的场景为医院，病人为孩子。
　　【正确项分析】问题为孩子的家人因为什么而争论，原文为the family asked her to settle an argument they'd been having over exactly what advice she had given，意为亲属们就医生到底讲过什么建议争论不休，问医生如何解决。选项B中的instructions与原文的advice同义，选项B正确。
　　30. A) She encourages them to ask questions when in doubt. A) 她鼓励他们拿不准时就提问题。
　　B) She makes them write down all her instructions. B) 她让他们记下她的医嘱。
　　C) She has them act out what they are to do at home. C) 她让他们把将在家里做的事情表演出来。
　　D) She asks them to repeat what are supposed to do. D) 她让他们复述要做的事。
　　【听音指导】由第一题的选项可很有把握地推测she指代的是Doctor Myer，而与医生相对的多半为病人。注意关键词ask question，write down，act out和repeat。
　　【正确项分析】玛雅医生如何确定病人完全明白了自己的建议呢?原文为She asks them to tell her what they think they are supposed to do，原文的 tell her与选项D中的关键词repeat一致，选项D为正确答案，
　　31. A) It lacks the stability of the printed word. A) 它缺乏印刷体的稳定性。
　　B) It contains many grammatical errors. B) 它包含许多语法错误。
　　C) It is heavily dependent on the context. C) 它十分依赖上下文语境。
　　D) It facilitates interpersonal communication. D) 它有助于人际交往。
　　【听音指导】本题为短文最后一题，应在文章最后出现。需要注意关键字stability，errors，context和communication。
　　【正确项分析】此题是典型的篇章问题考法。答案出现在结尾处，问题是作者对于人类口语交流 (human speech) 总结了什么。原文为human speech lacks the stability and permanence of the printed word，与选项A一致。
　　原文及译文
　　In her early days as an emergency room physician, Doctor Joanna Mayer treated a child who had suffered a second degree burn. After the child had been treated and was being prepared for discharge, Doctor Mayer talked to the parents about how they should care for the child at home. Also listening to her were a half a dozen other family members. A few hours later, when she came to say goodbye, the family asked her to settle an argument they'd been having over exactly what advice she had given. "As I talked to them, I was amazed." she said, "All of them had heard the simple instructions I have given just a few hours before, but they have three or four different versions. The most basic details were unclear and confusing. I was surprised, because these were intelligent people." This episode gave Doctor Mayer her first clue to something every doctor learns sooner or later---- most people just don't listen very well.
　　Nowadays, she says she repeats her instructions, and even conducts a reality check with some patients. She asks them to tell her what they think they are supposed to do. She also provides take-home sheets which are computer printouts tailored to the patients' situation. Doc. Mayer's listeners are not unusual. When new or difficult material is presented, almost all listeners are faced with a challenge because human speech lacks the stability and permanence of the printed word. Oral communication is fast-moving and impermanent.
　　29. What did the child's family members argue about in the hospital?
　　30. What does Doc. Mayer do to insure her patients understand her instructions?
　　31. What does the speaker say about human speech?
　　乔安娜?玛雅是一名急诊室医生。早年，她曾医治了一名二度烧伤的孩子。这个孩子接受完治疗准备出院时，玛雅医生告诉孩子父母在家如何照顾孩子，在场的还有六位家庭其他成员。几小时后，当她来与孩子再见的时候，孩子一家请她解决争论，他们一直争论她的医嘱到底是什么。"因为我已经告诉过他们，所以我很惊讶。"她说，"他们所有的人都在短短几小时前听到了我给出的简单的医嘱，但是他们有三、四个不同的版本。最基本的细节都不清楚且很困惑。我很吃惊，因为这些是聪明人。"这一段插曲给了玛雅医生第一个线索，而这迟早每个医生都会懂得，即大多数人听的不准确。
　　如今，玛雅说她反复重复医嘱，甚至对一些病人进行现场核查。她要他们告诉她他们应该做的事。她还根据病人的情况提供可带回家的打印文本。玛雅医生的听众都是正常人。当面对新资料或难度较大的资料时，几乎所有的听众都会面临挑战，因为人类口语缺乏书面文字的稳定性和永久性。口头交流速度快但持续时间短。
　　29. 孩子的家庭成员在医院里争论的是什么?
　　30. 为确保病人明白她的医嘱，玛雅医生做了什么?
　　31. 说话者如何评述人类口语?
　　Passage Three
　　篇章结构
　　此篇讲的是商务工作中对员工的激励机制。主要内容为公司对员工的激励机制并非是人们通常以为的工资或者工作环境，而是工作中的挑战。
　　词汇点拨
　　challenging a. 挑战性的;logical a. 合理的;manually ad. 手动地;identify v. 认同;tedious a. 单调的，沉闷的
　　话题词汇
　　arbitrarily ad. 专横地  mechanical a. 机械的  robotics n. 机器人学  　by definition 当然
　　job security 职业安全感  　labor relations 劳资关系
　　难句解析
　　1. It's logical to suppose that things like good labor relations, good working conditions, good wages and benefits and job security motivate workers, but one expert, Frederick Herzberg argued that such conditions do not motivate workers.
　　【解析】此句结构是由转折连词but引导的两个分句。前面一个分句中，it做形式主语，后面的不定式to suppose是真正主语。That引导宾语从句，介词like以及其引导内容做things的后置定语。后面一个分句中，one expert 与Frederick Herzberg为同位语，that后引导宾语从句。
　　2. However, even with the development of computers and robotics, there're always plenty of boring, repetitive and mechanical jobs and lots of unskilled people who have to do them.
　　【解析】本句主句为there be 句型，常见的短语with the development of作时间状语，意为"随着......的发展"。jobs和people为表语，三个并列形容词boring， repetitive 和 mechanical一起修饰jobs，who引导的定语从句修饰先行词unskilled people
试题详解
　　32. A) Job security. A) 职业安全感。
　　B) Good labor relations. B) 愉快的劳资关系。
　　C) Challenging work. C) 挑战性的工作。
　　D) Attractive wages and benefits. D) 有吸引力的工资和利益。
　　【听音指导】预览选项中的关键词job security，labor relation，work，和wages and benefits可知，此篇短文主旨与工作有关，可初步推测与人们对工作的满足感有关。
　　【正确项分析】此题问的是主题，到底什么可以真正激励员工好好工作呢。原文Motivators, in contrast, include things such as having a challenging and interesting job, recognition and responsibility，连接词in contrast附近出现了答案，意为起到激励作用的东西包括工作的挑战性和趣味性，以及工作中需承担的责任即最终获得的认可。所以选选项C，即挑战性的工作。
　　【干扰项分析】原文首句虽谈及选项A、B、D各项内容，但是but转折后全盘否定but one expert, Frederick Herzberg argued that such conditions do not motivate workers。故可全部排除。
　　33. A) Many tedious jobs continue to be done manually. A) 许多单调工作继续由手工做。
　　B) More and more unskilled workers will lose jobs. B) 越来越多的非技术工人将失业。
　　C) Computers will change the nature of many jobs. C) 电脑将改变很多工作性质。
　　D) Boring jobs will gradually be made enjoyable. D) 无聊的工作将变得快乐。
　　【听音指导】从选项内容可知，本题考查的是工作的性质，应注意关键提示词-tedious，unskilled and lose job，computer和boring and enjoyable。
　　【正确项分析】此题问到作者对电脑信息时代总结了什么。从原文中However, even with the development of computers and robotics, there're always plenty of boring, repetitive and mechanical jobs and lots of unskilled people who have to do them.，连接词however后出现了答案。意为，尽管电脑和机器人技术不断发展，还是存在无聊的、重复的、机械性的工作，需要人力完成，对应到正确答案A选项中的tedious以及manually。
　　34. A) Offer them chances of promotion. A) 提供给他们晋升机会。
　　B) Improve their working conditions. B) 改善他们的工作条件。
　　C) Encourage them to compete with each other. C) 鼓励他们相互竞争。
　　D) Give them responsibilities as part of a team. D) 给他们责任，让他们成为团队一部分。
　　【听音指导】此题为一细节题。选项B与其他三项明显不同，可初步排除。听音时，注意选项中的promotion，compete和team。
　　【正确项分析】原文中激励超市员工工作是个案，但是问题本身针对的是总结性的答案。即出现在for example前的总结句：Give them some responsibilities, not as individuals, but as a part of a team。but后强调的是team，正确答案为选项D。
　　35. A) They will not bring real benefits to the staff. A) 他们将不能给员工带来真正利益。
　　B) They concern a small number of people only. B) 他们与少数人相关。
　　C) They are arbitrarily set by the administrators. C) 是管理人员随意制定的。
　　D) They are beyond the control of ordinary workers. D) 他们超出了普通工人的控制。
　　【听音指导】首先意识到最后一题的答案应在文章结束前几句找，由各选项可知，所描述的对象并不是积极的，而是有负面影响的。
　　【正确项分析】为什么金钱诱惑刺激不了工作热情，答案出现在结尾前30秒处，即Such values are more likely to motivate workers than financial targets which automatically only concern a few people，意为团队精神更能激起工作热情，因为金钱利益最终只会与团队中的个别人相关。答案为选项B。
　　原文及译文
　　It's logical to suppose that things like good labor relations, good working conditions, good wages and benefits and job security motivate workers, but one expert, Frederick Herzberg argued that such conditions do not motivate workers. They are merely satisfiers. Motivators, in contrast, include things such as having a challenging and interesting job, recognition and responsibility. However, even with the development of computers and robotics, there're always plenty of boring, repetitive and mechanical jobs and lots of unskilled people who have to do them. So how do managers motivate people in such jobs? One solution is to give them some responsibilities, not as individuals, but as a team. For example, some supermarkets combine office staff, the people who fill the shelves, and the people who work at the checkout into a team, and let them decide what product lines to stock, how to display them and so on. Many people now talk about the importance of a company's shared values or culture with which all the staff can identify, for example, being the best hotel chain, or making the best, the most user-friendly or the most reliable products in a particular field. Such values are more likely to motivate workers than financial targets which ultimately only concern a few people. Unfortunately, there's only a limited number of such goals to go around and by definition, not all the competing companies in an industry can seriously play in to be the best.
　　32: What can actually motivate workers according to Frederick Herzberg?
　　33: What does the speaker say about jobs in the computer era?
　　34: What do some supermarkets do to motivate employees?
　　35: Why does the speaker say financial targets are less likely to motivate workers?
　　认为良好的劳资关系、愉悦的工作环境、较高的工资和福利待遇、工作安全性好能够激励员工，这是完全符合逻辑的。然而，专家弗洛迪克?赫兹伯格认为这些条件并不能激励员工，只是让员工得到满足的物质条件而已。相反，激励因素包括挑战性和趣味性的工作、认可和责任等。然而，即使随着计算机技术和机器人技术的发展，仍有大量无聊的、重复的和机械的工作，并且还必须有大量做这些工作的非技术人员。所以管理人员如何激励从事这种工作的人呢? 一种解决办法就是让他们承担责任，不是作为个人，而是作为团队。例如，有些超市把办公室人员、填货人和收银员编成一组，让他们决定进什么货、产品如何陈列等。现在很多人在谈论员工认同的公司的价值观和公司文化的重要性，如怎样成为最好的旅馆连锁，或在某一特定领域做最好的，用户最亲善的或者最可靠的产品。这样的价值观比那些只与少数人有关的财务目标更有可能激励员工。不幸的是，只有个别公司才会有这样的目标，当然，并不是所有的竞争公司在业界都能做成最好的。
　　32：根据弗洛迪克?赫兹伯格的观点，什么可以激励员工?
　　33：说话者就计算机时代的工作发表了什么观点?
　　34：一些超市为激励员工采取了什么措施?
　　35：为什么说财务目标不太可能激发员工? 
Section C
　　原文重现
　　In the humanities, authors write to inform you in many ways. These methods can be (36) classified into three types of informational writing: factual, descriptive, and process. Factual writing provides (37) background information on an author, composer or artist or on a type of music, literature, or art. Examples of factual writing include notes on a book jacket or (38) album cover and longer pieces, such as an article describing a style of music which you might read in a music (39) appreciation course. This kind of writing provides a (40) context for your study of the humanities.
　　As its name (41) implies, descriptive writing simply describes or provides an (42) image of, a piece of music, art or literature. For example, descriptive writing might list the colors an artist used in a painting or the (43) instruments a composer included in a musical composition, so as to make pictures of sounds in the readers' mind by calling up specific details of the work. (44) Descriptive writing in humanity, particularly in literature is often mixed with critical writing.
　　Process writing explains a series of actions that bring about a result. (45) It tells the reader how to do something, for example, explaining the technique used to show a film. This kind of writing is often found in art, where understanding how an art has created a certain effect is important. (46)Authors may actually use more than one type of techniques in the given piece of informational writing.
　　篇章结构
　　此次复合式听写的话题比较专业，介绍了三类写作题材，即事实性的，描述性的和解说性的。短文结构，先总后分。原文中充斥了许多长难词，致使考生预读时就一头雾水。尤其是全文的首句：In the humanities, authors write to inform you in many ways. 关键是要正确理解humanities(人文学科)一词。
　　词汇点拨
　　humanities n. 人文学科;context n. 环境，语境，上下文;technique n. 技巧
　　话题词汇
　　composer n. 作曲家  book jacket 护封  　instrument n. 乐器  　background information 背景知识
　　music appreciation 音乐鉴赏  　musical composition 乐曲
　　试题详解
　　36.【听音指导】根据空前后内容，可推测此空意为"归类成......"，轻易可以联想到常考词classified，构成be classified into结构。
　　37.【听音指导】事实性写作方式会提供什么样的信息，在预读时，很容易将其推测为形容词，但background是常见词，而background information作为背景知识，在日常生活中常常用到。
　　38.【听音指导】此空中的内容与book，long piece并列，可知此空填写的词为名词，且与book等为一类。album发音特殊，一般不会与其他词相混，应注意拼写。
　　39.【听音指导】由题意很容易判断此部分应为音乐鉴赏课，此空的难点在于appreciation ("鉴赏")这个词的拼写。appreciate作动词，意为鉴赏，此空需要其名词形式。
　　40.【听音指导】为研究人文学科提供环境，其中context是高频词，几乎在每次考试中都能考到，此题不易失分。
　　41.【听音指导】此句话应理解为"正如名字所显示的那样"，立刻可以联系到show等词，而原文中的imply在以往四级考试中也反复出现。
　　42.【听音指导】描述性的写作能提供什么?立刻就想到形象、印象。image这个词很容易填出。
　　43.【听音指导】作曲家所用的音乐器具，自然为musical instrument。然而此空需要注意的是它的复数形式。
　　44.【听音指导】此段讲述的是descriptive writing，此句位于本段的最后一句，应为总结性话语。答案为Descriptive writing in the humanities, particularly in literature is often mixed with critical writing。particularly可替换为especially，be mixed with意为"与......混合"。也可写为Descriptive writing is mixed with critical writing，那么既保留了句子的大意，而且也能规避如particularly这样的长难词。采分点为descriptive writing和critical writing。
　　45.【听音指导】此段讲述的是processing writing，按照惯例此句为对其的总结性解释。shoot a film，意为拍电影。采分点为how to do something和 technique。
　　46.【听音指导】整篇文章为总分式，先总述了三种写作题材，然后分别讲述每种写作题材的适用范围。此空独立成句，很可能论述三部分适用范围的交集。采分点为more than one type of technique is used in writing。
　　全文精译
　　在人文学科中，作者可以通过多种写作方式告知读者信息。这些方法可分为三类信息写作题材：事实性的，描述性的和解说性的。事实性写作提供了一位作家、作曲家或艺术家或者是一种音乐、文学或艺术的背景信息。事实性写作包括封面上的说明和专辑封面，较长的作品如音乐鉴赏课中可能读到的描述一种音乐风格的文章。这种写作题材为人文学科研究提供了依据。
　　正如它的名字所暗示的，描写性写作指简单的描述或为一段音乐、一种艺术和文学树立一种形象。例如，描写性写作可能介绍一位艺术家在画中用过的色彩，或一位乐器作曲家在音乐作品中所用的乐器。通过具体描述，在读者的脑海里留下声音的图画。人文学科中的描写性写作，特别在文学中，经常与评论式写作共同使用。
　　解说性写作是解释会带来某种结果的一系列的行动。它告诉读者如何做某事，例如，拍电影的技术。这种写作往往用于艺术中，因为理解艺术家如何创造了一种特定效果是很重要的。在一篇指定的信息写作中，作者可以运用多种写作技巧。
　　Part IV Reading Comprehension
　　Section A
　　篇章结构
　　全文共分为七段。第一段介绍了本文的主题--双职工家庭中，父亲可能比母亲对于孩子语言的发展有更大的影响力。第二至六段介绍研究者们对九十二个家庭的孩子的活动以及父母与之交流的语言进行了跟踪、调查，最后，当孩子们三岁时，研究者们对孩子进行了标准化的语言测试，并对他们的言语进行了分析。研究者们发现父亲而非母亲的言语对孩子更有影响。最后一段，那达亚?潘克索发说可能因为在研究中能力强的母亲已经对孩子的言语发展产生了很大的影响，或者可能母亲起作用的方式在研究中没有测量。
　　词汇热身
　　【名词】aspects 方面;characters 性质，特征;quality 质量
　　【动词】analyzed 分析;established确定的，证实的; quoted 引用;recruited 招聘，招募;contributing 贡献，捐献;describing 描述;recording 记录
　　【形容词】total 总共的，总计的;unconscious 不知道的，无意识的;unsure不确定;
　　【副词】yet 还，仍旧;already 已经
　　难句解析
　　4. Researchers recruited 92 families form 11 child care centers before their children were a year old, interviewing each to establish income, level of education and child care arrangements.
　　【解析】本句的主干是Researchers recruited 92 families，主干之后form 11 child care centers是介词短语作定语, 修饰families, 而before their children were a year old是时间状语从句。句子的第二部分interviewing each to... 是现在分词短语作谓语recruit的伴随状语。
　　【译文】研究者们从十一个幼儿护理中心招募了九十二个家庭，他们的孩子都不到一岁，并且逐一了解他们的收入、受教育状况、以及孩子的照顾情况。
　　5. "It's well established that the mother's language does have an impact," said Nadya Pancsofar, the lead author of the study.
　　【解析】句中的it是形式主语，真正的主语是that从句。其中It's well established that..., 意为"大家公认......"，而真正的主语that the mother's language does have an impact中的does用来表示强调，意为"的确，确实"。
　　【译文】该研究的主要作者那达亚?潘克索发说："大家公认母亲的语言的确有影响力。"
　　试题详解
　　47.【快速解题】动词辨义题。
　　K【火眼金睛】本句缺少谓语，根据句中before引导的时间状语从句中的过去时态，可以断定谓语动词应使用过去时。根据句意，备选动词中recruited符合题意。此外备选词中analyzed是强干扰项，但其实并不合适，因为"研究者们分析了92个家庭......，并且逐一询问了他们的收入、受教育状况、孩子的照顾情况。"其中"分析"与"逐一询问"在逻辑意义上不符。
　　48.【快速解题】动词辨义题。
　　J【火眼金睛】空格处在with短语中，且应该作宾语parents 的补足语。根据句意可知此处应为"研究人员将他们与父母双方在家自由玩耍的情景录制下来，并记录他们所有的谈话。"可以看出此处需填一个动名词，并含有"记录"的意思，备选动词中recording 符合题意。
　　49.【快速解题】动词辨义题。
　　L【火眼金睛】空格位于the 与number之间，可知此处需填入一个形容词作定语。备选形容词中total 符合题意，意为"父母亲话语总的数量"。
　　50.【快速解题】名词辨义题。
　　C【火眼金睛】空格位于other 之后，可知此处需填入名词，备选名词只有aspects符合题意，意为"科学家们测量了父母亲话语总的数量，使用不同词汇的数量，他们的语句的复杂程度以及他们语言的其他方面。"
51.【快速解题】动词辨义题。
　　B【火眼金睛】空格在主语the researchers之后，可知此处应填入谓语动词的过去时态。剩余的备选动词中analyzed 符合题意，意为"最后，当孩子们三岁时，研究者们对孩子进行了标准化的语言测试，并对他们的语言进行了分析。"
　　52.【快速解题】名词辨义题。
　　H【火眼金睛】空格处前后分别为 the 与of，可知此处需填入名词，根据上下文可知该句意为"测试中，预测高分的指标包括母亲受教育的程度，养育孩子的质量，父亲使用不同词汇的数量。"备选名词中quality 符合题意。
　　53.【快速解题】形容词辨义题。
　　N【火眼金睛】空格位于be动词与why 从句之间，可知需填入形容词或过去分词，以构成系表结构。动词中的剩余词汇，均不能使句意通顺。备选形容词中unsure可使句意通顺，意为"令研究者们疑惑的是为什么父亲而非母亲的语言对孩子有影响。"
　　54.【快速解题】动词辨义题。
　　G【火眼金睛】空格处在is well和that从句之间，此处需要填入过去分词。备选动词中established 符合题意, 其中it is well established that...，意为"大家公认......"。
　　55.【快速解题】副词辨义题。
　　A【火眼金睛】本句结构完整，空格处需填入一个副词。空格前后的had并不相同，前面的had是构成过去完成时态的助动词，后面的had是短语have a strong influence on...，结合句意，备选副词中already符合题意。
　　56.【快速解题】动词辨义题。
　　E【火眼金睛】纵观全句，空格处应填入现在分词，与are构成现在进行时态。根据句意"最终对于整个学校的文化氛围都会产生有益的影响"。备选动词中contributing符合题意, 意为"可能母亲起作用的方式在研究中我们没有测量。"
　　全文精译
　　一项新的研究表明，父母都工作的家庭，父亲可能比母亲对于孩子语言的发展有更大的影响力。
　　研究者们从十一个幼儿护理中心招募了九十二个家庭，他们的孩子都不到一岁，并且逐一询问了他们的收入、受教育状况、孩子的照顾情况。总之，它们都是受过良好教育的中产阶级家庭，父母双亲都和孩子住在一起。
　　当孩子两岁时，研究人员将他们与父母双方在家自由玩耍的情景录制下来，并记录他们所有的谈话。该研究将发表在《应用发展心理学杂志》第十一期。
　　科学家们测量了父母亲话语总的数量、使用不同词汇的数量、他们的语句的复杂程度以及他们语言的其他方面。通常，父亲比母亲说的少，但是在话语的长度和问问题的多少方面，他们没有差别。
　　最后，当孩子们三岁时，研究人员对孩子进行了标准化的语言测试，并对他们的语言进行了分析。测试中，预测高分的指标包括母亲受教育的程度、养育孩子的质量和父亲使用不同词汇的数量。
　　令研究者们疑惑的是为什么父亲而非母亲的语言对孩子有影响。
　　该研究的主要作者那达亚?潘克索发说："大家都公认母亲的语言的确有影响力。"也可能因为在研究中能力强的母亲已经对孩子的语言发展产生了很大的影响。她又讲到，"或者可能母亲起作用的方式在研究中我们没有测量。"
　　Section B
　　Passage One
　　篇章结构
　　本文是一篇议论文，选自《新闻周刊》2008年11月刊，题目为MICHELLE OBAMA IS A BLACK SKINNED BEAUTY!。全文共五段。第一段作者介绍作为黑人女性，她更关注米歇尔?奥巴马，因为作为准第一夫人，米歇尔代表的正是人们平时极少接触的非洲裔女性美国公民。第二至四段介绍过去人们对黑人女性带有成见的看法，因此米歇尔将代表所有黑人女性来改变世人对她们的看法。最后一段介绍米歇尔作为第一夫人，美国黑人对她的期望，以及她身上所具有的、黑人女性应该学习的品质。
　　核心词汇
　　9. candidate n. 候选人，申请求职者
　　【文中实例】Throughout this long, tense election, everyone has focused on the presidential candidates and how they'll change America. 在这个持久而紧张的选举中，每个候选人都成为了众人的焦点，人们关注着他们如何来改变整个美国。
　　【实例拓展】He is running as a candidate for Liberal party。他作为民主党候选人参选。
　　【举一反三】同义词applicant，seeker，nominee n. 申请者，候选人
　　10. fascinate v. 使着迷，使极感兴趣
　　【文中实例】I'm more fascinated by Michelle Obama and what she might be able to do, ....我更期待米歇尔?奥巴马，不止期待着她能够为这个国家做些什么，......。
　　【实例拓展】Her beauty fascinated every boy. 她的美貌使所有的男孩子都着了迷。
　　【举一反三】派生词 fascinated a. 着迷的;fascinating a. 令人着迷的;fascination n. 魅力
　　11. prevailing a. 普遍的，盛行的，流行的
　　【文中实例】The prevailing theory seems to be that we're all hot-tempered single mothers who can't keep a man. 时下流行的看法是大多黑人女性都是脾气暴躁的单身妈妈，吸引不住男人。
　　【实例拓展】a prevailing set of cultural values 一套盛行的文化价值观
　　【举一反三】派生词prevail (over) v. 胜过，压倒，占优势
　　12. stereotype n. 陈规，固定的看法
　　【文中实例】Even in the world of make-believe, black women still can't escape the stereotype of being eye-rolling, oversexed females raised by our never-married, alcoholic (酗酒的) mothers. 在人们的想象中，黑人女性给人留下的刻板印象往往是：受人歧视，性交过度，通常被未婚的酒鬼老妈养大。
　　【实例拓展】It's wrong to stereotype people, as if they were all alike. 把人们看作都是一样的，这是错误的。
　　【举一反三】派生词stereotype v. 使模式化 stereotyped a. 固定化的，老一套的
　　13. commit v. 承诺，使受约束
　　【文中实例】Before she ever gets the chance to commit to a cause, charity or foundation as First Lady, ...在有机会作为第一夫人去成就一番事业，去做慈善或办基金会之前，......。
　　【实例拓展】He has committed himself to support them. 他答应负担他们的生活。
　　【举一反三】派生词committed a. 坚定的，忠诚的;commitment n. 承诺，诺言
　　6. feature n. 特写，专题报道
　　【文中实例】Because few mainstream publications have done in-depth features on regular African-American women,.... 因为主流的媒体们都未曾深入地报道过普通非洲裔美国女性，......。
　　【实例拓展】a frontpage feature on coal mining 头版上关于采煤的特写
　　【举一反三】词义扩展feature n. 特征，容貌;v. 以......为特征，特写
难句解析
　　1. For example, when the board of the University of Colorado searched for a new president, it wanted a leader familiar with the state government, a major source of the university's budget.
　　【解析】when引导时间状语从句，其后是主句，该主句中的familiar with the state government是形容词短语作定语，修饰leader;而句末a major source of the university's budget 是同位语来说明the state government。
　　【译文】例如，科罗拉多大学董事会在遴选新校长时，他们想聘用一个与州政府熟悉的领导人，因为州政府是学校的主要资金来源。
　　2. In 2003，when Cambridge University appointed Alison Richard, another former Yale provost, as its vice-chancellor, the university publicly stressed that in her previous job she had overseen " a major strengthening of Yale's financial position."
　　【解析】句首的when 从句是非限制性定语从句，补充说明2003。句子的主句是the university...stressed that...，其中that引出宾语从句。宾语从句中的主句为she had overseen a major strengthening。
　　【译文】2003年，剑桥大学任命前耶鲁大学教务长艾莉森?理查德为副校长。学校公开强调艾莉森之前的工作确保了"耶鲁大学财政状况良好"。
　　3. The globalization of education means more universities will be seeking heads with international experience of some kind to promote international programs and attract a global student body.
　　【解析】本句的主干简单易懂，是The globalization of education means...。但其后的宾语从句的结构复杂，该从句的主干是more universities will be seeking heads，heads 之后的with international experience of some kind 是介词短语做定语。句末的to promote international programs and attract a global student body是目的状语。
　　【译文】教育全球化意味着更多的大学将要聘用那些具有国际经验的校长，以促进国际间项目的合作，招收留学生。
　　试题详解
　　62. What is the current trend in higher education discussed in the passage? 62. 文章中讨论的目前高等教育的趋势是什么?
　　A) Institutions worldwide are hiring administrators from the U.S. A) 世界范围的高校正在从美国聘请管理人员。
　　B) A lot of political activists are being recruited as administrators. B) 大量政治活动家被聘为管理人员。
　　C) American universities are enrolling more international students. C) 美国大学扩招留学生.
　　D) University presidents are paying more attention to funding-raising D) 大学校长更加注重筹措资金。
　　【快速解题】事实细节题。根据题干中the current trend in higher education，定位答案在第二段最后两句。
　　【正确项分析】根据这两句话Yet the talent flow isn't universal. High-level personnel tend to head in only one direction: outward from America. 如今，高等教育已成为极具竞争力的商业行为，并且日渐国际化。但是人才的流动并不是世界性的。高层的管理人员往往来自一个地方：美国。选项A意思与之相近，故选择A。
　　【干扰项分析】根据第三段末"筹措资金的能力在很大程度上依靠经验，也是美国校长必须具备的能力"，D项表述与原文不符。B、C项文中均未提及。
　　63. What is the chief consideration of American universities when hiring top-level administrators? 62.在聘请高层管理人员时，美国大学主要考虑的问题是什么?
　　A) The political correctness. A) 政治方向的准确性。
　　B) Their ability to raise funds. B) 筹措资金的能力。
　　C) Their fame in academic circles. C) 学术界的声誉。
　　D) Their administrative experience. D) 管理经验。
　　【快速解题】语义理解题。根据题干中the chief consideration，定位答案在第三段第三段。
　　【正确项分析】在第三段The board ultimately picked Bruce Benson, a 69-year-old Colorado businessman and political activist who is likely to excel at the main task of modern university presidents: fund-raising。选项B中的raise funds表示"筹款"。答案为B选项。
　　64. What do we learn about European universities from the passage? 64. 从文章中可以了解关于欧洲大学的哪些信息?
　　A) The tuitions they charge have been rising considerably. A) 学费迅速上涨。
　　B) Their operation is under strict government supervision. B) 学校运转受到政府严格监督。
　　C) They are strengthening their position by globalization. C) 他们通过全球化强化自己的位置。
　　D) Most of their revenues come from the government. D) 大部分资金来源于政府。
　　【快速解题】语义理解题。根据题干European universities，答案可定位在第四段第一、二句。
　　【正确项分析】根据第四段第一、二句Many European universities are still mostly dependent on government funding. But government support has failed to keep pace with rising student number。即很多欧洲大学仍然依靠政府投入。而政府的投入却没能跟上不断扩大的学生规模。因此可知学校的大部分资金来源于政府，故选择D选项。
　　【干扰项分析】B项是强干扰项，根据第四段第一、二句可知很多欧洲大学仍然依靠政府投入，但却没有提及学校运转受到政府的严格监督。A、C项文中均未提及。
　　65. Cambridge University appointed Alison Richard as its vice-chancellor chiefly because _______? 65. 牛津大学为什么任命艾莉森?理查德为副校长?
　　A) She was known to be good at raising money. A) 她在筹措资金方面有名
　　B) She could help strengthen its ties with Yale. B) 她可以加强与耶鲁大学的联系
　　C) She knew how to attract students overseas C) 她知道如何吸引海外学生。
　　D) she had boosted Yale's academic status. D) 她提升了耶鲁大学的学术地位
　　【快速解题】事实细节题。根据题干中的Alison Richard as its vice-chancellor，答案可定位在第五段第二句。
　　【正确项分析】根据the university publicly stressed that in her previous job she had overseen " a major strengthening of Yale's financial position."，学校公开强调艾莉森之前的工作确保了"耶鲁大学财政状况良好"。由此可知她有很强的筹措资金的能力，故选A选项。
　　66. In what way do top-level administrators from abroad contribute to university development? 66. 外国的高层领导从哪些方面促进了学校的发展?
　　A) They can enhance the university's image. A) 他们可以提升学校的形象
　　B) They will bring with them more international faculty. B) 他们可以带来更多国际化人才
　　C) They will view a lot of things from a new perspective. C) 他们将从新的角度审视问题。
　　D) They can set up new academic disciplines. D) 他们能创立新的学科
　　【快速解题】语义理解题。根据题干top-level administrators from abroad contribute to university development答案定位在末段末句。
　　【正确项分析】该句Foreigners can offer a fresh perspective on established practices，告诉读者外国人能够给学校业已成立的体系带来新的活力。此意与C选项的意思相近，故选C选项。
　　全文精译
　　2009年毕业的高中生进入牛津大学的同时，他们也会迎来一个新的面孔，安德鲁 ?汉密尔顿，55岁的耶鲁大学教务长。他将入主牛津，职位相当于美国大学的校长。
　　汉密尔顿并不是第一位跨越大西洋到外国任职的教育家。法国、埃及、新家坡等一些国家的学校近年来纷纷从国外聘请学校的高层管理人员。像其他商业活动一样，如今，高等教育已成为极具竞争力的商业行为，并且日渐国际化。但是人才的流动并不是世界性的。高层的管理人员往往来自一个地方：美国。
　　其主要原因是许多学校并不真地想从国外引进人才。例如，科罗拉多大学董事会在遴选新校长时，想聘用一个与州政府熟悉的领导人，因为州政府是学校的主要资金来源。"我们不会在全球范围内聘用校长"，帕特立夏?海说，该校最终聘用了布鲁斯?本森，69岁的科罗拉多州商人、政治活动家。他能够胜任现代大学校长的职务：筹措资金。筹措资金为美国大学所特有，因为美国大学的运转主要依赖捐款。筹措资金的能力在很大程度上依靠经验，也是美国校长必须具备的能力。
　　与此同时，很多欧洲大学仍然依靠政府投入。而政府的投入却没能跟上不断扩大的学生规模。政府投入的减少，使得筹措资金成为学校管理部门的当务之急，于是对美国的人才求贤若渴。
　　在过去几年里，世界各地的优秀学校都加入了这一行列。2003年，剑桥大学任命前耶鲁大学教务长艾莉森?理查德为副校长。学校公开强调艾莉森之前的工作确保了"耶鲁大学财政状况良好"。
　　当然，这些外国管理者不仅只是筹措资金。教育全球化意味着更多的大学将要聘用那些具有国际经验的校长，以促进国际间项目的合作，招收留学生。外国人能够给学校业已成立的体系带来新的活力。
Part V Cloze
　　篇章结构
　　本次完形填空选自2009年1月20日www.guardian.co.uk网站的一则报道，题目是Older People's Education 'neglected'('被忽视的'老年教育)，选入本文时略有删减。从题材看，本次完形填空属于论说文体，主题为教育。阐述了教育对于每个阶段的人的重要性和终身学习的意义。全文共六段，第一段首先指出学习对于老年人的重要意义。接着讲述老年人教育面临的种种问题和阻力，与此同时也指出了对老年人进行教育投入的必要性。文章最后提出了一个发人深思的问题：应该有更多的资金来保证人们塑造个性和在"第三年龄段"发挥建设性作用。
　　核心词汇
　　1. contribute v. 捐助，捐献，贡献
　　【搭】contribute for 为......捐助;contribute to 把......捐给【拓】contribution n. 贡献，捐献;contributing a. 贡献的
　　2. focus n. 集中，聚集
　　【搭】focus one's attention 集中注意力;focus on/upon 强调，使集中于焦点;focus the camera on 把照相机的焦点对准......
　　3. concentrate v. ①专心于，注意 ②集中，聚集
　　【搭】concentrate efforts 集中力量;concentrate one's mind 专心【拓】concentration n. 集中，专心
　　难句解析
　　4. The current approach which focuses on younger people and on skills for employment is not adequate to meet the challenges of demographic change.
　　【解析】该句的主语是The current approach，主语后跟了一个which引导的定语从句。"is not adequate"是谓语，其后为动词不定式作目的状语。
　　【译文】现在的教育方法倾向于年轻人和技能性训练，难以应对人口结构变化的挑战。
　　5. The challenges include the fact that most people can expect to spend a third of their lives in retirement, that there are now more people over 59 than under 16 and that 11.3 million people are over state pension age.
　　【解析】该句看起来很长但结构并不复杂。是由一个主句The challenges include the fact和三个that引导的同位语从句构成的。
　　【译文】这些挑战包括：多数人生命的三分之一将在退休后度过;五十九岁以上人口数高于十六岁以下人口数;一千一百三十万人达到国家法定领取退休金年龄。
　　6. People need opportunities to make a "midlife review" to adjust to the later stages of employed life, and to plan for the transition to retirement, which may now happen unpredictably at any point from 50 to over 90.
　　【解析】本句主句成分为"People need opportunities"，其后是两个动词不定式作目的状语。划线部分是retirement的定语从句。
　　【译文】人们需要一个"中年回首"的机会来适应以后的工作生涯，规划退休后的角色转化。这种转化可以发生在五十岁到九十多岁的漫长时间内。
　　试题详解
　　67. 【快速解题】本题考查动词词义辨析。
　　B【正确项分析】这四个动词都能够与介词on搭配，因此此处应在首段基础上着手分析该句句意。首段提出老年人学习的重要性，而该句"年轻人和技能性训练"指出了该项方法的侧重点。focus on"集中，针对"，因此确定答案为选项B。
　　【干扰项分析】根据句意可以比较容易地排除其他三此个干扰项，depend on依靠，依赖;count on依靠，指望;operate on对......实施手术。
　　68. 【快速解题】本题考查形容词词义辨析。
　　D【正确项分析】该空格所要填的词应该与前文内容相呼应，首段指出老年人需要学习，而本句侧重的是年轻人的职业技能。这说明该教育方法面临挑战，由此可见它是不充分的，因此确定答案为选项D。
　　【干扰项分析】superior高级的，出众的;essential基本的;regular有规则的，有秩序的。均不符合该句上下文的关系，故排除。
　　【篇章分析】该句句意为"现在的教育方法倾向于年轻人和技能性训练，难以应对人口结构变化的挑战。"older people，younger people和demographic change之间的关系能够帮助考生迅速确定答案。另外从后句的表达也可以帮助找出该题的正确答案。
　　69. 【快速解题】本题为副词词义辨析题。
　　A【正确项分析】only 1%指出当前对老年人投入的教育资金之有限，符合题意的选项应为currently"通常，当前"。因此正确选项为选项A。
　　【干扰项分析】barely表示"仅仅，刚刚";heavily表示"沉重地";anxiously表示"忧虑地，不安地"，均可轻易排除。
　　70. 【快速解题】本题为词义辨析题。
　　C【正确项分析】该空在本句中作主语成分，其后面的内容均涉及老龄人口和退休人员的现状，结合前文教育状况，可以判断challenge"挑战"最符合该句句意。因此选C选项。
　　【干扰项分析】regulation规则，规章;obstacle障碍;guideline方针;用在本句均显勉强。
　　【篇章分析】虽然本题属于词义辨析题，但根据前后文信息复现能够迅速确定答案。如果考生细心的话，就会发现第二段曾经指出对"人口结构的挑战"，此处列举挑战的种种问题。
　　71. 【快速解题】本题为词义辨析题。
　　B【正确项分析】解答本题除了能够辨析四个名词词义外，还要从句意入手推敲最符合题意的答案。该句说的是老龄人口的问题，同时指出他们退休后时间漫长，暗示对他们进行教育投入的必要性。所以正确答案为选项B。
　　【干扰项分析】enjoyment享受，享乐;stability稳定性;inability无能，无力;均不符合题意，故排除。
　　【篇章分析】本题并非单纯的词义辨析，应该在篇章的基础上把握上下文暗示的信息。
　　72. 【快速解题】本题是介词词义辨析题。
　　A【正确项分析】从state pension age"领退休金的年龄"，和前文指出的老龄人口之众，可以判断over state pension age "达到国家法定领取退休金年龄"。故正确选项为选项A。
　　【能力拓展】age不仅仅指年龄，还有很多其他搭配，表示"时期"，如the Stone Age石器时代;the computer age电脑时代。
　　73. 【快速解题】本题为词义辨析题。
　　B【正确项分析】前文一直在说老年人教育问题，同时强调对这些人进行教育投入的必要性。该句作为第四段主题句，承接上文指出"学习应贯穿人的一生"。所以正确选项为B。
　　【干扰项分析】practice练习，训练;instruct教导，命令;identify识别，鉴别。均可根据上下文排除。
　　74. 【快速解题】本题考查固定搭配。
　　D【正确项分析】该句主语为concentration"集中，专注"，其后常跟介词on，构成concentration on"集中于......"。因此答案为选项D。
　　【能力拓展】英语中蕴含着丰富的词语搭配，考生在备考过程中有意识地对这些固定搭配进行识记，考试时便可从容应对。例如：live on/by靠......生活，以......为食; lie in在于;appeal to呼吁，要求;aim at瞄准，针对。
　　75. 【快速解题】本题考查固定搭配。
　　C【正确项分析】该句要求考生选择动词meet的固定搭配，从其句意可以判断出是"满足要求"之意，meet the needs/requirements是常用的表达。因此正确选项为选项C。
　　【干扰项分析】realm领域;intention意图，目的;desire期望，欲望。均可排除。
　　【能力拓展】英语中有些动词常跟固定搭配的名词构成词组，如pay attention to注意;bring access to接近;lay emphasis on强调。考生应在备考中注意积累。
　　76. 【快速解题】本题为词汇辨析题。
　　D【正确项分析】该句句意为"大多数教育预算集中在二十五岁以下的年轻人身上。"portion意为"一部分"，故正确选项为选项D。
　　【干扰项分析】measure度量标准;ratio比率;area区域;均不符合题意
77. 【快速解题】本题考查上下文逻辑关系。
　　A【正确项分析】该句为主从复合句，主句"处在各种年龄段的人们都渴望重新学习的机会"，从句作为一个时间状语指出当前的背景：人们工作和居住地不断变化，生活伴侣和生活方式也不断更新。因此应该选择选项A。
　　【干扰项分析】whether引导让步状语从句，可迅速排除;until和before虽引导时间状语从句，但其表达的时间概念不符合本句句意。
　　【篇章分析】该题所要填的是一个表示时间关系的连词，所以要从句意上着手分析。
　　78. 【快速解题】本题考查词义辨析。
　　C【正确项分析】通过对本句句式结构的分析可以看出，该空缺处应添一个与jobs，partners和lifestyles相并列的词汇，所以正确选项为选项C。
　　【干扰项分析】mind思想;mood心情;neighbour邻居。比较起来，home更加贴近文中的事实，"人们工作和居住地不断变化"。
　　79. 【快速解题】本题考查固定搭配。
　　B【正确项分析】四个选项都有"之前"的意思，所以很难通过词义辨析选出正确答案。但与比较词than搭配时，应固定地使用ever，表示"比以前任何时候都......"，因此正确选项为选项B。
　　【干扰项分析】formerly"从前，以前"，一般常用former，较少使用formerly;previously"先前，以前";ago常与某一过去时间段搭配。
　　80. 【快速解题】本题考查上下文逻辑关系。
　　A【正确项分析】本句是在前文基础上的一个例证，是为了更好地支撑前面的观点的。所以正确选项为A。
　　【干扰项分析】by contrast与......相对比;on average一般地;in particular尤其，特别。均与上下文逻辑关系不符，故排除。
　　81. 【快速解题】本题是词义辨析题。
　　C【正确项分析】本题不属于固定搭配的考查，因为四个选项都能与to构成搭配。此处说持续学习的重要性，中年阶段的学习会让人们更好地适应以后的生活。adjust"调整，调节，使适应"，因此正确选项为选项C。
　　【干扰项分析】transform 转换;suit 适应;yield 屈服。均不符合题意。
　　82. 【快速解题】本题考查固定搭配。
　　D【正确项分析】该题非常简单，属于对常见短语搭配的考查。与transition搭配的介词为to，表示"向......过渡"。所以正确选项为选项D。
　　83. 【快速解题】本题为词义辨析题。
　　B【正确项分析】at any point表明上述事情发生的不确定性，unpredictably"不可预知地"。因此正确选项为选项B。
　　【干扰项分析】indirectly间接地;unfairly不公平地;instantly立即地。可排除。
　　84. 【快速解题】本题为词义辨析题。
　　C【正确项分析】本句句意"有足够支配的钱支撑......。"available"可用的"，因此正确选项为选项C。
　　【干扰项分析】feasible可行的;reliable可靠的，可信赖的;considerable值得考虑的，相当可观的。故排除。
　　85. 【快速解题】本题为词义辨析题。
　　A【正确项分析】此处表达的意思为"塑造个性感觉"。sense"感觉，感知"，因此确定正确选项为选项A。
　　【干扰项分析】project计划，工程;definition定义;conscience良心，道德心。
　　【篇章分析】本题干扰项具有很大的迷惑性，很容易导致误选。这就要求考生平时对相关的近义词进行辨析，分清他们的侧重点，同时还要从语篇的角度分析空缺处的意义。
　　86. 【快速解题】本题为词义辨析题。
　　D【正确项分析】此处为"发挥建设性作用"。因此正确选项为选项D。
　　【干扰项分析】ideal理想;asset 资产，有用的东西;rank等级。故可排除。
　　全文精译
　　今天发表的一项新的人口研究报告表明：老年人要想不成为社会的负担，继续发挥余热，就必须有更多学习机会。
　　该报告声称：现在的教育方法倾向于年轻人和技能性训练，难以应对人口结构变化的挑战。占人口总数三分之一的老年人只占有百分之一的教育预算。
　　这些挑战包括：多数人三分之一的生命将在退休后度过;五十九岁以上人数高于十六岁以下人数;一千一百三十万人达到了国家法定领取退休金年龄。
　　报告的作者史蒂芬?迈克威尔教授说："学习应该贯穿人生的整个过程，我们以前的政策重心和资源配置更多偏重于年轻人，难以适应新的需求。
　　绝大多数教育预算集中在二十五岁以下的年轻人身上。当今社会，由于人们工作和居住地不断变化，生活伴侣和生活方式也不断更新，处在各种年龄段的人们都渴望重新学习的机会。"例如，该报告指出有些人到了五十多岁又重新开始创业。
　　人们需要一个"中年回首"的机会来适应以后的工作生涯，规划退休后的角色转化。这种转化可以发生在五十岁到九十多岁的漫长时间内。应该有更多的资金来保证人们塑造个性和在"第三年龄段"发挥建设性作用。
　　　87. had followed my instructions/orders
　　【结构分析】本句的主语是You。谓语动词是would not have failed。if you had followed my instructions是if引导的条件状语从句。
　　【要点解析】本题考查的是虚拟语气的用法。①if从句的虚拟语气考查，根据语法规定，如果主句中出现would +have的形式，从句中应该采用had+过去分词的结构。②"按照......的指令"可表达为follow my instructions/orders。③ 根据主句的would not have failed 结构就可以推断这是对过去事实的虚拟，那么从句则是had+done 结构，所以答案为you had followed my instructions/orders。
　　【原句精译】如果你按照我的指令去做，就不会失败了。
　　88. gave up pursuing knowledge
　　【结构分析】 本句的主语是Mark。谓语是gave up pursuing knowledge。despite the hardship he encountered是despite引导的状语从句。
　　【要点解析】本题考查动词give的搭配。①"放弃"可译为give up。 ②encounter the hardship也是非常重要的固定搭配，意为"遇到困难"。需要填写的部分应该采用过去时。③"对知识的追求"可译为pursuing knowledge.
　　【原句精译】尽管马克遇到困难，但是他从未放弃对知识的追求。
　　【能力拓展】动词give的常见搭配。①give up放弃，交出 例：When you graduate, will you give up your study? 你毕业后会不会放弃学习? ②give oneself up to献身于，沉溺于，热衷于 例：The boy gives himself up to electronic games. 这个男孩沉溺于电子游戏。③give away泄露，出卖 例：He gave my secret away. 他泄露了我的秘密。④give in屈服，让步 例：You must give in your examination papers now. 你们现在必须把试卷交上来。
　　89. before we find the methods of curing cancers/ before we find the cure for cancer
　　【结构分析】本句的主语是Scientists，谓语是agree，that it will be a long time是that引导的宾语从句，before we find the methods of curing cancers是before引导的时间状语从句。
　　【要点解析】"治愈"可译为cure，而不应译为treat，treat是"治疗"的意思。cure有疗法的意思，所以治愈癌症的方法还可以译为cure for cancer。根据句子的已知部分，可以判断出填写的部分用一般现在时
　　【原句精译】科学家们认为，要过很长时间才能找到治愈癌症的方法。
　　【能力拓展】before引导的状语从句。①句型A：it+be+一段时间+before...：意思是"要过很久才会......"。例：The field research will take John and Mike about five months; it will be a long time before we meet them again. 实地考察要花约翰和迈克五个月的时间;他们过很久才会再见面。②句型B：it was some time before...：意思是"在......之前过了一段时间"。例：He was told that it would be at least three more months before he could recover and return to work. 他被告知至少过三个月才能康复，重返工作岗位。
　　90. keep pace with the constantly increasing demands of consumers或keep up with the constantly growing needs of consumers
　　【结构分析】本句的主语是Production，谓语是has to be increased，后面的to keep pace with the constantly increasing demands of consumers是目的状语。
　　【要点解析】 ① 固定搭配"与......保持同步"，可以翻译为keep pace with 或keep up with。②"不断增长的"，可以翻译为increasing，growing或rising。③"需求"可翻译为demands或needs。④"消费者"翻译为consumer。
　　【原句精译】只有大幅提高产量才能与消费者不断增长的需求保持同步。
　　【能力拓展】①keep pace with和......并驾齐驱，跟上 例：We must work hard to keep pace with the development of modern technology. 我们必须努力学习才能跟上现代科技的发展。②keep up with赶得上，和......保持联系 例：Students must work hard to keep up with their school work. 学生必须努力学习才能跟上功课。
　　91. the fewer chances you will have of catching a cold
　　【结构分析】本句的前半部分是从句，后半部分是主句。主句的主语是You。谓语是will have。【要点解析】本题主要考查 the more，the less的用法。其用法与the more，the more一致，可翻译为"越......越......"。①固定搭配"可能做某事"，可翻译为be likely to do sth;②固定搭配"感冒"，可翻译为catch a cold。
　　【原句精译】锻炼越多，你越不大可能感冒。
　　【能力拓展】"越......越......"句型：这种句型表达为：the+比较级+句子，the+比较级+句子。若the more修饰名词，则名词要提前，直接置于the more后，如试题中句子：The more exercise you take, the fewer chances you will have of catching a cold

注意：资料收集于网上，仅供参考。
　　




2009年6月英语四级考试答案解析
Part I 	Writing 
Free Admission to Museums
	In recently years it has become increasingly popular for more and more museums to offer free admission to visitors, be them children or adults, citizens or tourists. The purposes for this, as I see them, are quite straightforward. First, free admission to museums is a feasible and effective way to enhance the public's awareness of our cultural and historical heritage. Second, free access to museums provides a good educational opportunity; as visitors look at those invaluable treasures, they will feel the urge to learn. Besides, free admission to museums also promotes and popularizes Chinese culture both home and abroad. 
	However, free admission to museums may also cause some problems. There may be huge crowds of visitors on holidays or for some exhibitions, which may cause disturbance or chaos; the presence of large crowds may also cause damage to the things on display, for example, some visitors often use flash lights where they are not supposed to. What's more, free admission and the crowds that follow is a test to the museums' finance, maintenance, and management abilities. 
	This being said, I still believe free admission to museums is a plausible idea; only certain measures need to be taken to ensure that museums get enough funds to maintain and manage their exhibitions, and that the flow of visitors is controlled and their behaviors regulated. This way free admission to museums can be a lasting and beneficial practice. 

Part II	Reading Comprehension (Skimming and Scanning)
原文分析：
　　本文是一篇说明文，讲述人们对文化diversity（多元性）应该有兼容并包的态度。本文结构非常清晰，开篇用Tiffany面试错过最佳候选人的例子来引出人们因为对不同文化的误解(misunderstanding)或假设(assumption)而经常犯错误；文中的每个小标题都是一种错误，并都用diversity workshop参与者的切身经历来例证。结尾部分，作者提出人们都应该正视自己思想模式的缺陷，用开放的态度对待文化多元性。
　　快速阅读不要求仔细通读全文，只要对文章的结构有大概了解，通过浏览定位关键词找答案。本文段落繁多，但结构清晰，小标题清楚指出每一部分的主题，而且题目的定位词非常明确，只需根据题目在原文对应段落中找到定位词即可。需要注意的是考题都是按顺序出现的，这就可以缩小定位范围，同时也意味着最后三个填空题都出现在文章的最后部分。
1. A   本题定位词为"Tiffany，interview，bother"。答案在第一段，but the fact that he never looked her in the eye said "untrustworthy"。所以选A。第一段中两次强调了这一事实，she noticed that the candidate never made direct eye contact.
2. C   本题紧随上一题，问的是Tiffany对自己错误的反思，答案也紧随第一题答案在第二段，即What she hadn't known at the time of the interview was that the candidate's "different" behavior was simply a cultural misunderstanding. 所以选C。
3. B   本题定位词"essential, economic globalization", 在原文开头部分的结尾，即it is becoming essential to expand our understanding of others and to re-examine some of our false assumptions，B选项与黑体部分同义。
4. B   本题的定位词为Mindsets LLC。专有名词十分显眼，在第一个小标题下的第一段有对这家公司的描述：helps organizations and individuals see their own blind spots，结合上下文给出的例子，选B。
5. D   Dale这个名字出现在小标题"Blinded by Gender"部分，其实即可以判断答案为D。原文对应的句子为：I learned from the class that instead of imposing my gender biases（不应该存有性别偏见） into the situation, I needed to ... 
6. C   本题与上题问的都是Dale参加完workshop的收获，答案也在一起，即Dale credits（称赞）the workshop, "because it helped me make decisions based on fairness."，选C，It helped him make fair decisions。
7. A    Doug这个名字出现在小标题"Year of Know-it-all"部分，当他的美籍华裔员工向他请假过春节时，他的第一反应是I assumed he had his dates wrong, 并且gave him a long talking-to about turning in requests early with the proper dates。
8. embarrassed   本题答案非常明确，原文为I(Dough) felt very embarrassed in assuming he had his dates mixed up.
9. inclusiveness   本题稍带总结性，在 "Year of Know-it-all"以及"A Better Bottom Line"两部分，参与者都提到了inclusiveness的重要性：Doug admits. "The biggest thing I took away from the workshop is learning how to be more 'inclusive' to differences."，以及These comments from a customer service representative show how an inclusive attitude can improve sales.而在倒数第二段，作者也作了总结：Once we start to see people as individuals and discard the stereotypes, we can move positively toward inclusiveness for everyone.
10. differences and similarities   本题题干几乎与原文完全一致，在倒数第二段， 即Once we start to see people as individuals and discard the stereotypes, we can move positively toward inclusiveness for everyone. Diversity is about coming together and taking advantage of our differences and similarities.

Part III Listening Comprehension 
Section A
11. D  原文：W: There were more than a hundred people at Kate's birthday party. How come she's got so many friends?
      M: It's really no surprise. You know she was popular even when she was a child.
      Q: What does the man imply about Kate?
      推理题。问题问的是"imply"（暗示），即需要对原文进行推理。男士对Kate的说法是she was popular       even when she was a child（她是孩子时就很受欢迎了），那么现在有一百多人参加她的生日晚会也不足为奇，所以选D。
12. C  原文：M: They say there'll be a snow-storm tonight, and the cold weather will last quite a few days.
      W: Oh! We're so lucky, we'll be getting away for a while, and having a holiday in Florida. But let's call right now to confirm our flight.
      Q: What do we learn about the two speakers?
      语言点：Be used to doing 习惯做某事
      场景题。本文的场景是两人在讨论度假计划，原文非常明确：we'll be getting away for a while, and having a holiday in Florida.已经可以判断C，They are going to have a holiday为正确答案。A、B、D都是对对话中细节的混淆，the cold weather will last只是说有寒流到来，并非they are not used to living in a cold place（不习惯住在冷的地方）；have a holiday in Florida也不是live in Florida；至于air ticket，原文明确说的是confirm our flight（确认航班），可见已经订票。
13. B  原文：W: Tony was awarded a medal for rescuing several families from the forest fire.
      M: I really admire his courage.
      Q: What do we learn about Tony from the conversation?
      语言点：Award sb. sth. / award sth. to sb. 授予某人某物 Accuse sb. of sth. / be accused of sth. 因为某事（被）指责
主旨题。原文说Tony因为rescuing several families from the forest fire（丛森林大火中救出了好几家人）而获得奖章，所以男士说I really admire his courage（敬佩他的勇气），答案为B。D（他被指责引起了大火）明显是错误的，A（Tony很高兴获得奖章）及C（Tony曾经是救火队员）都不符合原文。
14. B  原文：M: My washing machine is more than fifteen years old and it has worked just fine until last night.
　　W: You'll never be able to get parts for it, even from Japan. So it might be time to invest a more recent model.
　　Q: What does the woman suggest the man do?
　　语言点：Part 零件  Invest 投资
建议题。原文有非常明显的建议句型：it might be time to do sth. （是该做...的时候了），女士的建议是：So it might be time to invest a more recent model. （是时候投资一台更新款式的洗衣机了），所以选B。A为干扰项，invest通常是投资的意思，但这里仅指投资买洗衣机，而非make a profitable investment（进行有利可图的投资）。
15. D  原文：W: I heard about your promotion, you must be thrilled.
　　M: Not really, the new office is huge, but the work load has doubled.
       Q: What do we learn about the man from the conversation?
　　语言点：Promotion 升职   Thrilled 兴奋的   Work load 工作负担
态度题。问题问的是男士对于升职的态度，女士说you must be thrilled（你一定很兴奋吧），男士回答not really，已经可以确定D为正确答案；他进一步给出了解释，虽然办公室很大，但是the work load has doubled（工作负担增加了一倍），但并不能从中看出he finds the work load unbearable（不可忍受的）。
16. D  原文：W: I can't decide what to do about the party tomorrow。
　　M: You don't have to go if you don't want to, but I'll be glad to give you a ride if you do。
       Q: What do we learn from the conversation?
       语言点：Give you a ride 开车带你一段
细节题。女士不知道明天的party该不该去，男士则说I'll be glad to give you a ride if you do（如果你去的话，我可以开车带你），所以选D。本题的重点是要理解what to do，这里指的是whether to go to the party。
17. C  原文：M: Now if you have any questions about the contract. I'll be happy to answer them.
W: Nothing comes to mind right now, but I'd like to go over all the articles of the contract once more before signing it.
Q: What are the speakers doing right now?
语言点：Go over 仔细检查   Articles of the contract 合同条款。注意article这里的意思是"条款"。
场景题。很明显两人在讨论contract，并且是在sign（签署）之前最后一次检查条款，所以选C。
18. A  原文：M: We are out of paper for the printer. Can you please order some?
W: I completed the order form online yesterday and it will be here by noon. I'll let you know when it comes in。
Q: What did the woman do?
语言点：Be out of sth. 用完了
细节题。问题问女士做了什么，答案为：I completed the order form online yesterday，买的是纸，所以选A。
Conversation One
W: Bob, do you know who I saw the other day? Old Jake, looking terribly depressed. Did he get pensioned off at last? (19)
M: Yes. They made him retire after 50 years at sea. (19) He is pretty upset about it, but what can you do? He really is pasted.
W: He is all alone, isn't he?
M: Yes, his wife has been dead for years. (20)They had one daughter, Dories. But she went off to town as soon as she left school. And he hasn't heard from her since. I hear she is making good money as a model。
W: Maybe someone could get in touch with her. Get her to come back for a while to help?
M: I don't suppose she'd come. She never got on with her father. (21) He is bit of a tough character and she is rather selfish. Oh, I expect old Jake will get by. He is healthy at least, comes into a clinic for a check regularly。
W: Are you his doctor?
M: No, my partner doctor Johnson is.
W: That bad-tempered old thing?
M: Oh, he isn't bad-tempered. He just looks it. He is an excellent doctor, (22) taught me a lot, and he has a very nice family. His wife invites me over there to supper every week. Very pleasant.
W: yes. I teach their daughter Pam at school. She is a bit careless and lazy about her school work, but a bright little thing and very popular with her age group.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the passage you have just heard. 
19. Why does old Jake look terribly depressed?
20. What do we learn about Jake's wife?
21. What does the man say about Jake's daughter?
22. What does the man say about Jake's doctor?
语言点：pension off sb. 付退休金辞退某人（pension是动词）   pasted 过时的   get by 度过，挺过
He just looks it (bad-tempered). 他只是看起来像（坏脾气）。
19．B   主旨题。 对话中两人在讨论Old Jake, looking terribly depressed. 原因是he get pensioned off at last（领了退休金退休了）。At sea可以从下句话中看出：They made him retire after 50 years at sea.
20．A   细节题。答案见划线部分。Pass away"去世"。 21．C   细节题。答案见划线部分。Get on (well) with"跟某人相处得好"。 22．B   细节题。答案见划线部分。.) get pensioned off at last?Pen                                                    
Conversation Two 
W: Hello, Mr. Summerfield. How are you today?
M: Very well. Thank you, Ms. Green.
W: What can I do for you?
M: Well, unfortunately, there is a problem with the order we received from you yesterday. It seems we haven not received the right quantity of manuals to support the telephone system. (23)
W: Oh, dear, that's bad news. I'm very sorry to hear that, and you don't know how many packs are without manuals?
M: No, because we haven't opened every pack. But in several of those that have been opened there are none, no manuals. (23)
W: I'm very sorry about this inconvenience, Mr. Summerfield. We'll send out the manuals this afternoon by express mail entirely at our cost, (24) and the manuals should arrive tomorrow or the day after at the latest.
M: All of them, right?
W: Yes. It may be that some have them already, but we cannot be sure. So the best thing is to send out the manual for every pack.
M: Yes. Yes, I see. That would be great. (25)
W: Please accept our apologies for this mix-up. I assure you we will do everything possible to find out why the mistake happened.
M: Right. Thanks for your swift action. (25)
W: Not at all. Thank you and goodbye for now. Do call if there is anything else.
M: All right. Thank you. Goodbye, Ms. Green.
W: Goodbye.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the passage you have just heard. 
23. What problems are the speakers discussing?
24. What does the woman promise to do?
25. What does the man think of the solution?
语言点：Manuel 说明书，手册  Inconvenience 不方便  By express mail 通过快递  At our cost (at one's cost) 由我们付费
23．C   主旨题。对话开头男士就提到了问题，即说明书不够；随后又补充说明细节，有的包里什么说明书都没有，所以选C。 24．D   细节题。答案见划线部分。 25．A   细节题。男士明显很满意，因为他说that would be great。
Section Two 
Passage 1 
　　Attracting and feeding wild birds are entertaining activities that have long been enjoyed by people all over the world. (26) Feeding birds has become so popular that prepared feed mixtures are readily available. We feed birds for many reasons. Many pleasant hours can come from watching birds. A hobby often develops into a serious study of their habits. Accurate identification of birds is usually the first goal. But observations that an amateur bird-watcher can make are really limitless. There is, however, responsibility associated with bird feeding, including a disease hazard. Attracting numbers of birds continually to the same spot can be harmful to them, particularly species that pick food from the ground contaminated by the droppings of other birds. (27) In winter feeding efforts are most satisfying to people and are of greatest benefit to birds. During this time when fewer natural foods are available and air temperatures are lower, extra feeding can keep a bird warm and well. Once begun, feeding should never stop during these lean months. (28) If you start a local increase of birds, be prepared to do what may be required to eliminate hazards to those you want to befriend. A constant supply of food should be given until the cold is over and spring has come. (28) If feeding is stopped during severe weather, birds used to relying upon the feeders might starve.
Questions 26 to 28 are based on the passage you have just heard. 
26. What does the speaker say about bird watching?
27. What does the speaker say about birds fed continually on the same spot?
28. What does the speaker suggest we do in feeding birds in winter?
　　本文是一篇关于喂食鸟类的说明文，重点讨论喂食对鸟类的好处与好处，并提出在冬天喂食并持续到天气转暖是对鸟类最有益处的。本文的语言稍难，但找到问题的答案并不难。
语言点：Prepared feed mixtures 混合饲料  Amateur 业余爱好者  Hazard 危险  Contaminate 污染  Dropping 粪便
Lean 贫乏的  Eliminate 消除  Befriend 与...成为朋友
26．A   细节题。答案在文章第一句，用词相同：Attracting and feeding wild birds are entertaining activities。
27．B   细节题。本题稍有难度，因为原文中提到birds fed continually on the same spot时并没有直接说明有可能染病，而是说pick food from the ground contaminated by the droppings of other birds（吃地上已经被别的鸟类粪便污染的食物），而这与上一句话相呼应，是一个disease hazard（疾病危险），所以选B，they may catch some disease。
28．D   细节题。原文中两处提到了冬天喂食鸟类须注意的地方，见划线部分。
Passage 2 
　　My friend Leo makes up weak and poor excuses whenever there is something he doesn't want to do. (29) Just two weeks ago, he was at my house when he decided he didn't want to go into work. He called his boss and said he had to get a new set of tires put on his truck. Then he sat down and watched TV with me. Not only had he lied but his excuse wasn't a very convincing one. Another time, he cancelled a date with his girlfriend at the last minute telling her he had to get a new battery for his truck. She was angry and refused to go out with him again until he apologized. (30) Last weekend, Leo offered the poorest excuse yet. He'd promised he'd help me move some furniture, (40) from my parents' house to my new apartment. He was supposed to bring his truck over about 8 o'clock Saturday morning. I waited, and then called and left a message on his machine. About 11:30, he called and said he was sorry but he'd been getting a new set of tires put on his truck. I guess he'd forgotten he used the same excuse when he called his boss from my house. I think I need a new set of friends. I'm beginning to get tired of Leo's excuses.
Questions 29 to 31 are based on the passage you have just heard. 
29. What does the speaker tell us about her friend Leo?
30. What did his girlfriend do when Leo canceled a date with her at the last minute?
31. What favor did the speaker ask Leo to do last weekend?
　　本文是一篇对Leo的描述性说明文，通过三个例子说明只要有Leo不想做的事，他都会编造蹩脚的借口来推托搪塞。本文的语言和题目都比较简单。
29．C   主旨题。答案见划线部分。A选项是干扰项，he will betray（背叛） even his best friends，貌似正确，但make up poor and weak excuses（编造蹩脚的借口）远没有betray严重。
30．A   细节题。原文中说的是She was angry and refused to go out with him again until he apologized.（她拒绝跟Leo约会，直到他道歉），可见答案为A，she made him apologize（逼迫他道歉）。 31．D   细节题。答案见划线部分。
Passage 3 
　　In Hollywood, everybody wants to be rich, famous and beautiful. Nobody wants to be old, unknown and poor. For Hollywood kids, life can be difficult because they grow up in such an unreal atmosphere. (32) Their parents are ambitious and the children are part of the parents' ambitions. Parents pay for wasteful grand parties, expensive cars and designer clothes. When every dream can come true, kids don't learn the value of anything because they have everything. (33) A thirteen-year-old boy, Trent Maguire, has a driver, credit cards and unlimited cash to do what he wants when he wants to. "One day, I'll earn more than my dad!" he boasts. Parents buy care and attention for their children because they have no time to give it themselves. (34) Amender's mother employs a personal trainer, a bodyguard, a singing coach and a councilor to look after all her fifteen-year-old daughter's needs. Often, there is no parent at home most days, so children decide whether to make their own meals or go out to restaurants, when to watch television or do homework. They organize their own social lives. They play no childhood games. They become adults before they're ready. Hollywood has always been the city of dreams. The kids there live unreal lives where money, beauty and pleasure are the only gods. (35) Will children around the world soon start to think the same? Or do they already?
Questions 32 to 35 are based on the passage you have just heard. 
32. Why is life said to be difficult for Hollywood kids?
33. What does the speaker say about Trent Maguire, a thirteen-year-old boy?
34. Why does Amender's mother employ other people to look after her needs?
35. What will probably have negative effects on the lives of Hollywood kids?
　　本文是一篇说明文，讨论好来坞生活对孩子的负面影响；本文结构清晰，在每一种负面影响后即举例说明，33、34题就是如此。本文的题目答案都与原文完全一致。
语言点：Ambition / ambitious 雄心/有雄心的   Designer clothes 名牌服装
32．A   主旨题。答案见划线部分。33．C   细节题。Trent Maguire的例子是对好莱坞负面影响的例证，答案在例子之前写出。34题也是如此。34．D   细节题。答案见划线部分。 35．B   细节题。答案见划线部分。
Section 3
　　Around 120 years ago, Ebbinghaus began his study of memory. He concentrated on studying how quickly the human mind can remember information. One result of his research is known as the total time hypothesis, which simply means the amount you learn depends on the time you spend trying to learn it. This can be taken as our first rule of learning. 
　　Although it is usually true that studying for four hours is better than studying for one, there is still the question of how we should use the four hours. For example, is it better to study for four hours straight or to study for one hour a day for four days in a row? The answer, as you may have suspected, is that it is better to spread out the study times. This phenomenon through which we can learn more efficiently by dividing our practice time is known as the distribution of practice effect. Thus, our second rule of learning is this: it's better to study fairly briefly but often. 
　　But we are not finished yet. We haven't considered how we should study over very short periods of time. Let's say you are trying to learn some new and rather difficult English vocabulary using a stack of cards. Should you look at the same word in rapid succession or look at the word and then have some delay before you look at it again? The answer is it is better to space up the presentations of the word you are to learn.
36. concentrated   原句空缺谓语，并与on搭配。Concentrate on"专注于"。注意时态应用过去时。37. information 
38. depends   原句空缺谓语，并与on搭配。Depend on"专注于"。主语为amount，注意应用第三人称单数。
39. straight   这里straight是"一直地"意思。 40. row   固定短语搭配，in a row"连续"。
41. suspected   "猜想"。注意原句是现在完成时态，所以用过去分词形式。
42. phenomenon   "现象"。此处是单数，有指示代词this，切记不要写成复数形式phemomena。 43. efficiently
44. our second rule of learning is this: it is better to study fairly briefly but often或者：2nd rule of learning: better to study briefly but often
45. Let's say you are trying to learn some new and rather difficult English vocabulary using a stack of cards
　.或者：example: learn new English words with cards
46. The answer is it is better to space out the presentations of the word you are to learn.或者：better to learn new words at intervals 
提示：44-46考察考生的听写能力。建议在第一遍分辨句型，判断句子结构，听懂句子大意；第二遍是关键，应该写下句子的主干，此时尽可能多写；第三遍是检查阶段，补充剩余句子成分，尽可能使句子完整。如果不能完全按照原文记下来，可以根据原文意思用自己的语言表述。在听写整句时，要学会使用缩略语，在听第二遍第三遍时再将整句写上。
Part IV Reading Comprehension (Reading in Depth)
Section A 
47. M  require"要求"。本空应该填动词作谓语，主语为复数，用一般现在时态。
48. I   painful"痛苦的"。本空是与difficult并列的形容词，词义相近，只能选painful。
49. F  especially"特别是"。本空是解释说明的补语，用副词；而且后句解释英文词汇尤其丰富，所以用especially。
50. E  Enormous"巨大的"。本句是一个比喻，将会说英文而不会写作比喻成身处豪宅而不能离开一间斗室，这里应该是与small room反义的词，即enormous mansion。 
51. H  Mission"任务"。 本空与物主代词my共同构成句子主语，一定是名词；句子讲的是老师应该做什么，并且与下一句的task同义，所以选mission。
52. D  Enhance"提高"。这里是一个表示目的的动词不定式，与动词搭配的是development，选enhance。
53. B  Daily"每天"。 本空应该选一个表示频率的副词，说明写作就像锻炼一样，用daily。
54. J  Performance"表现"。本空跟confidence并列作介词in的宾语。 
55. C  Emotional"感情的"。本空与acadamice、political等形容词并列修饰名词lives，并且后文有提示write the perfect love letter，选emotional。 
56. A  Closer"更近的"。最后一句讲每天练习写作的好处，每写一天，他们就离流利更近一步，puts them a step closer to fluency。
Section Two 
Passage One 
原文分析：
	本文是一篇说明文（exposition），讲的是时尚界的绿色风潮。第一段，作者用一次成功的绿色时装展引出话题；第二段，讨论了绿色设计师面临的问题，主要是有机面料难以获得；第三段例举了绿色设计师获得的多方支持，而最后一段则引述了某些人对绿色设计并不乐观的看法。最后，作者表明了自己的态度，即绿色设计最终会获得大部分消费者的认同。本文语言不难，虽然有一些专业词汇，但并不影响理解。
难句分析：
1．The January fashion show, called Future Fashion, exemplified how far green design has come.
一月份举行的名为"未来时尚"的时装展证明了绿色时尚的成就。本句的难点是how far green design has come，这里是"有多大成就"的意思。
2．Most designers with existing labels are finding there aren't comparable fabrics that can just replace what you're doing and what your customers are used to.
大部分现有品牌的设计师发现现在没有可以比得上、并且立刻代替他们正在使用且消费者熟悉的面料。
本句的句子结构比较复杂，宾语从句there aren't comparable fabrics中有修饰fabrics的定语从句that can just replace...，而replace后则是两个并列的宾语从句what you're doing and what your customers are used to。
关键词汇： sustainable 可持续的  Organic 有机的  Fabrics 面料  Line 系列设计/商品  Comparable 比得上的
Indistinguishable 无法区分的  Synthetics 合成材料  Stretch nylon 弹性尼龙  Equivalent 对等物
Unconverted 未被说服的  convert"使转变"  On the hunt for sth. 在寻找某物
57. A  细节题。答案在第一段，the show inspired many top designers to work with sustainable fabrics for the first time，A选项只是用start going green代替了work with sustainable fabrics for the first time。
58. D  总结题。答案在第二段，讨论了绿色设计师面临的问题，文中首先简述了问题，即high-quality sustainable materials can still be tough to find，随后又引用Scott Hahn的话进行详细解释（见难句分析2），最后指出some popular synthetics, like stretch nylon, still have few eco-friendly equivalents. 综合起来，选D。
59. D  总结题。本题考的是第三段的主要内容，从topic sentence即可看出答案为D：Those who do make the switch are finding they have more support，随后给出例证。A、B、C选项都是具体的例证。
60. A  细节题。答案在最后一段。Natalie是一个unconverted consumer（未被说服的消费者），而且承认green just isn't yet on her mind（没想过）。
61. B  态度题。作者在全文最后明确提出了自己的态度：But - thanks to the combined efforts of designers, retailers and suppliers - one day it will be. （总有一天，消费者会意识到绿色服装的重要性）。而且从文章的语气可以看出，作者是赞同绿色时尚的。
Passage Two 
原文分析：
	本文是一篇科学说明文（scientific exposition），介绍科学家的一项新发现，即通过对头发中水的成分的分析来大致判断个人活动的区域及途径。文章先介绍了这项发现的原理，饮用水会在头发中留下痕迹，而因为美国各地天气状况不一样，雨水中的化学成分各有差别，这样通过分析头发中水的成分可以大致确定某人在哪些时间段到过哪些地方。文章后半部分用一个具体的例子来说明这项发现可以用于帮助警方追踪嫌疑犯或受害者。
难句分析：
1. By measuring the proportion of heavier hydrogen and oxygen isotopes along a strand of hair, scientists can construct a geographic timeline. Each inch of hair corresponds to about two months. 
通过对一缕头发中重氢氧同位素比例的分析，科学家们可以构造一条地理时间线。一英寸头发相当于两个月。
2. They were able to accurately place the hair samples in broad regions roughly corresponding to the movement of rain systems.
他们能够准确地将头发样品与某个大的区域对应起来，而这些区域的分布大致与降雨系统的活动一致。 
关键词汇：Chemical composition 化学成分  Trace 痕迹
62. B  主旨题。本题问的是文章的主题，文章第一句就明确了主题：Scientists have devised a way to determine roughly where a person has lived using a strand(缕) of hair（通过一缕头发就能大致确定某人在哪里居住过），选B。
63. C  理解题。You're what you eat and drink这句话通常指饮食对人体健康的影响，但在本文中，科学家引用这句话意在说明饮用水会在头发里留下化学痕迹，所以选C。
64. B  理解题。原文为：The heaviest rain falls first. As a result, storms that form over the Pacific deliver heavier water to California than to Utah. （最重的雨最先落下，所以，在太平洋上空形成的风暴在加州降下的雨比犹他州重）。关键在第一句话，答案则是反说，the water it delivers becomes lighter when it moves inland（雨水越向内陆前进越轻）。两者意思相同，表达方式相反。
65. A  细节题。答案在文章中段：Cerling's team collected tap water samples from 600 cities and constructed a map of the regional differences.
66. C  细节题。Cerling首先提到了这项研究的实际作用，即"It's not good for pinpointing ... It's good for eliminating many possibilities." （不适用于精确定位，更适用于剔除很多可能性）；文章结尾警察也确认了这一用处：it narrows it way down for me（缩小了搜索范围），所以选C。

Part V                                  Cloze
67. C  词义辨析题。Profit"利润"，payment"付款"，income"收入"，budget"预算"。
68. A  词义辨析题。Mostly"大部分，主要"，partially"部分"，occasionally"偶尔"，rarely"很少"。本题要弄清楚基本句意，本句是与上句的一个对比：以前自己有车，现在则主要坐地铁。
69. B  副词辨析题。Therefore"因此"，Besides"而且"，Otherwise"否则"，Consequently"因此"。本题要注意逻辑，Suda在说坐地铁的理由：方便，而且开车是20世纪的事（即已经过时了）；两个句子是并列关系。
70. D  词义辨析题。Drift"漂流"，tide"潮汐"，current"水流"，trend"趋势"。
71. C  词义辨析题。Remarkably"显著地"，essentially"根本地"，specially"特别地"，particularly"尤其"。
72. A  连词辨析题。本题要判断句内的逻辑关系：尽管小型车和豪华车仍很流行，中间的车型销量都在下滑。转折关系用While "虽然"。
73. C  词义辨析题。Surge "迅速增长"，stretch"拉伸"，slip"下跌"，shake"动摇"。本题与下句的fell为同义词，相互提示。
74. B  连词辨析题。Unless"除非"，if"如果"，as"当"，after"在...之后"。
75. D  搭配题。Low"低"，slight"少"，broad"广"，large"大"。Larger drops"更大的下滑"。
76. C  词义辨析题。liable to"易于..."，in terms of"在...方面"，thanks to"由于"，in view of"考虑到"。
77. A  词义辨析题。Unique"独特的"，similar"相似的"，mysterious"神秘的"，strange"奇怪的"。
78. A  介词辨析题。Over time"长时间以来"；on time"准时"；behind time"迟了"；against不能与time搭配。
79. D  词义辨析题。Mess"混乱"，boom"繁荣"，growth"生长，发展"，decay"衰败"。根据上文sales fell，  应该选decay。
80. C  词义辨析题。Proceed"进行"，relieve"放心"，launch"启动"，revise"改编"。本题还要注意搭配，launch a study"开始一项研究"。
81. B  词义辨析题。Quickening"加快的"，widening"变宽的"，strengthening"加强的"，lengthening"延长的"。Widening gap是常见搭配，"日益增长的差距"。
82. D  词义辨析题。Average"平均的"，massive"巨大的"，abundant"充足的"，general"普遍的"。
83. C  词义辨析题。Labels"标签"，cycles"循环"，vehicles "汽车"，devices"装置"。
84. A  连词辨析题。本题要辨清句内的逻辑关系，本句列举了日本人处置汽车的三种做法，为并列关系,用or。 
85. B  词义辨析题。Conclude"得出结论"，predict"预测"，reckon"认为"，prescribe"规定"。本句讲的是JAMA对本年汽车销售的估计，还没有发生，用predict。
86. B  词义辨析题。Distant"遥远的"，likely"可能的"，temporary"临时的"，immediate"立即的"。
Part VI                               Translation
87．a lot of difficulty (in) catching up with his classmates
要点：1）"很难"：注意要与谓语动词搭配；动词是had，只能用have difficulty (in) doing sth; 2）"赶上"：catch up with
88．would not have been caught in the rain
要点：1）时态：从状语从句看出，这里用的是与过去情况相反的虚拟语气，所以用would have done。
　　　2）"被雨淋"：be caught in the rain
89．are more likely to gain/put on weight
要点：1）"更有可能"：用likely而不用possible;  2）"增加体重"：用put on weight或者gain weight都可以
90．What many people haven't realized / What many people haven't become aware of / What has not come to many people's minds / What has not occurred to many people
要点：1）主语从句：需要翻译的部分是一个what引导的主语从句。 2）时态：这里用现在完成时态比一般现在时态更合适。
3）"意识到"：这个词有很多种翻译方法，具体见答案；特别需要注意的是用的词组不同，主语的搭配不一样，例如occur to主语为sth，而realize主语为sb。
91．closely related to the lack of exercise
要点：1）"与...密切相关"：relate ... to ...; 注意这里是被动语态，助动词is已写出。
2）"缺乏锻炼"：the lack of exercise。这里lack是名词，定冠词the不可缺；其实也可以用lack的动名词形式：lacking exercise，但为了与主语the poor functioning of the human body对应，the lack of exercise更好。


2008年12月大学英语四级考试真题
Part I                   Writing           			（30 minutes）
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write a short essay entitled Limiting the Use of Disposable Plastic Bag. You should write at least 150 words following the outline given below.
1.一次性塑料袋的使用
2.使用一次性塑料袋带来的问题
3.限制一次性塑料袋的意义
　Limiting the Use of Disposable Plastic Bag
________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
Part II Reading Comprehension (Skimming and Scanning)   (15 minutes)
Directions: In this part, you will have 15 minutes to go over the passage quickly and answer the questions on Answer Sheet 1.
For questions 1-7, choose the best answer from the four choices marked [A], [B], [C] and [D]. 
For questions 8 -10, complete the sentences with the information given in the passage. 
That's enough, kids
　　It was a lovely day at the park and Stella Bianchi was enjoying the sunshine with her two children when a young boy, aged about four, approached her two-year-old son and pushed him to the ground.
　　"I'd watched him for a little while and my son was the fourth or fifth child he'd shoved," she says." I went over to them, picked up my son, turned to the boy and said, firmly, 'No, we don't push," What happened next was unexpected.
　　"The boy's mother ran toward me from across the park," Stella says," I thought she was coming over to apologize, but instead she started shouting at me for disciplining her child, All I did was let him know his behavior was unacceptable. Was I supposed to sit back while her kid did whatever he wanted, hurting other children in the process?"
　　Getting your own children to play nice is difficult enough. Dealing with other people's children has become a minefield.
　　In my house, jumping on the sofa is not allowed. In my sister's house it's encouraged. For her, it's about kids being kids: "If you can't do it at three, when can you do it?"
　　Each of these philosophies is valid and, it has to be said, my son loves visiting his aunt's house. But I find myself saying "no" a lot when her kids are over at mine. That's OK between sisters but becomes dangerous territory when you're talking to the children of friends or acquaintances.
　　"Kids aren't all raised the same," agrees Professor Naomi White of Monash University." But there is still an idea that they're the property of the parent. We see our children as an extension of ourselves, so if you're saying that my child is behaving inappropriately, then that's somehow a criticism of me."
　　In those circumstances, it's difficult to know whether to approach the child directly or the parent first. There are two schools of thought.
　　"I'd go to the child first," says Andrew Fuller, author of Tricky Kids. Usually a quiet reminder that 'we don't do that here' is enough. Kids nave finely tuned antennae (直觉) for how to behave in different settings."
　　He points out bringing it up with the parent first may make them feel neglectful, which could cause problems. Of course, approaching the child first can bring its own headaches, too.
　　This is why White recommends that you approach the parents first. Raise your concerns with the parents if they're there and ask them to deal with it," she says.    
　　Asked how to approach a parent in this situation, psychologist Meredith Fuller answers: "Explain your needs as well as stressing the importance of the friendship. Preface your remarks with something like: 'I know you'll think I'm silly but in my house I don't want...'"
　　When it comes to situations where you're caring for another child, white is straightforward: "common sense must prevail. If things don't go well, then have a chat."
　　There're a couple of new grey areas. Physical punishment, once accepted from any adult, is no longer appropriate. "A new set of considerations has come to the fore as part of the debate about how we handle children."
　　For Andrew Fuller, the child-centric nature of our society has affected everyone:" The rules are different now from when today's parents were growing up," he says, "Adults are scared of saying: 'don't swear', or asking a child to stand up on a bus. They're worried that there will be conflict if they point these things out - either from older children, or their parents."
　　He sees it as a loss of the sense of common public good and public courtesy (礼貌), and says that adults suffer form it as much as child.
　　Meredith Fuller agrees: "A code of conduct is hard to create when you're living in a world in which everyone is exhausted from overwork and lack of sleep, and a world in which nice people are perceived to finish last."
　　"It's about what I'm doing and what I need," Andrew Fuller says. "the days when a kid came home from school and said, "I got into trouble". And dad said, 'you probably deserved it'. Are over. Now the parents are charging up to the school to have a go at teachers."
　　This jumping to our children's defense is part of what fuels the "walking on eggshells" feeling that surrounds our dealings with other people's children. You know that if you remonstrate(劝诫) with the child, you're going to have to deal with the parent. It's admirable to be protective of our kids, but is it good?
　　"Children have to learn to negotiate the world on their own, within reasonable boundaries," White says. "I suspect that it's only certain sectors of the population doing the running to the school -better -educated parents are probably more likely to be too involved."
　　White believes our notions of a more child-centered, it' a way of talking about treating our children like commodities(商品). We're centered on them but in ways that reflect positively on us. We treat them as objects whose appearance and achievements are something we can be proud of, rather than serve the best interests of the children."
　　One way over-worked, under-resourced parents show commitment to their children is to leap to their defence. Back at the park, Bianchi' intervention(干预) on her son' behalf ended in an undignified exchange of insulting words with the other boy' mother.
　　As Bianchi approached the park bench where she'd been sitting, other mums came up to her and congratulated her on taking a stand. "Apparently the boy had a longstanding reputation for bad behaviour and his mum for even worse behaviour if he was challenged."
　　Andrew Fuller doesn't believe that we should be afraid of dealing with other people's kids. "look at kids that aren't your own as a potential minefield," he says. He recommends that we don't stay silent over inappropriate behaviour, particularly with regular visitors.
1. What did Stella Bianchi expect the young boy's mother to do when she talked to him?
A) make an apology
B) come over to intervene
C) discipline her own boy
D) take her own boy away
2. What does the author say about dealing with other people's children?
A) it's important not to hurt them in any way
B) it's no use trying to stop their wrongdoing
C) it's advisable to treat them as one's own kids
D) it's possible for one to get into lots of trouble
3. According to professor Naomi white of Monash university, when one's kids are criticized, their parents will probably feel___________________________
A) discouraged
B) hurt
C) puzzled
D) overwhelmed
4. What should one do when seeing other people's kids misbehave according to Andrew fuller?
A) talk to them directly in a mild way
B) complain to their parents politely
C) simply leave them alone
D) punish them lightly
5. Due to the child-centric nature of our society, ______________________
A) parents are worried when their kids swear at them
B) people think it improper to criticize kids in public
C) people are reluctant to point our kids' wrongdoings
D) many conflicts arise between parents and their kids
6. In a world where everyone is exhausted from over work and lack of sleep,____________________________
A) it's easy for people to become impatient
B) it's difficult to create a code of conduct
C) it's important to be friendly to everybody
D) it's hard for people to admire each other
7. How did people use to respond when their kids got into trouble at school?
A) they'd question the teachers
B) they'd charge up to the school
C) they'd tell the kids to clam down
D) They'd put the blame on their kids
8. Professor white believes that the notions of a more child-centred society should be____________________
9. According to professor white, today's parents treat their children as something they___________________
10. Andrew fuller suggests that , when kids behave inappropriately, people should not______________________
Part III        Listening Comprehension        (35 minutes)
Section A 
Directions: In this section, you will hear 8 short conversations and 2 long conversations. At the end of each conversation, one or more questions will be asked about what was said. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After each question there will be a pause. During the pause, you must read the four choices marked [A], [B], [C] and [D], and decide which is the best answer. Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
11. A)Only true friendship can last long.
   B)Letter writing is going out of style.
   C)She keeps in regular touch with her classmates.
   D)She has lost contact with most of her old friends.
12. A) A painter.       C) A porter.
   B) A mechanic.     D) A carpenter.
13. A) Look for a place near her office.    C) Make inquiries elsewhere.
   B) Find a new job down the street.     D) Rent the $600 apartment.
14. A) He prefers to wear jeans with a larger waist.
   B) He has been extremely busy recently.
   C) He has gained some weight lately.
   D) He enjoyed going shopping with Jane yesterday.
15. A)The woman possesses a natural for art.
   B) Women have a better artistic taste than men.
   C) He isn't good at abstract thinking.
   D) He doesn't like abstract paintings.
16. A) She couldn't have left her notebook in the library.
   B) she may have put her notebook amid the journals.
   C) she should have made careful notes while doing reading.
   D) she shouldn't have read his notes without his knowing it.
17. A)she wants to get some sleep     C) she has a literature class to attend 
   B) she needs time to write a paper  D)she is troubled by her sleep problem
18. A)He is confident he will get the job.
   B)His chance of getting the job is slim.
   C)It isn't easy to find a qualified sales manager.
   D)The interview didn't go as well as he expected.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
19. A)He can manage his time more flexibly.
   B)He can renew contact with his old friends.
   C)He can concentrate on his own projects.
   D)He can learn to do administrative work.
20. A)Reading its ads in the newspapers.
   B)Calling its personnel department.
   C)Contacting its manager.
   D)Searching its website.
21. A)To cut down its production expenses.
   B)To solve the problem of staff shortage.
   C)To improve its administrative efficiency.
   D)To utilize its retired employees' resources.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
22. A)Buy a tractor.
   B)Fix a house.
   C)See a piece of property.
   D)Sing a business contract.
23. A)It is only forty miles form where they live.
   B)It is a small one with a two-bedroom house.
   C)It was a large garden with fresh vegetables.
   D)It has a large garden with fresh vegetables.
24. A)Growing potatoes will involve less labor.
   B)Its soil may not be very suitable for corn.
   C)It may not be big enough for raising corn.
   D)Raising potatoes will be more profitable.
25. A)Finances   B)Equipment   C)Labor   D)Profits
Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear 3 short passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear some questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked [A], [B], [C] and [D]. Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 26 to 29 are based on the passage you have just heard.
 26 A) To introduce the chief of the city's police force
   B)To comment on a talk by a distinguished guest
   C)To address the issue of community security
   D)To explain the functions of the city council
 27 A)He has distinguished himself in city management
   B)He is head of the International Police Force
   C)He completed his higher education abroad
   D)He holds a master's degree in criminology
 28 A)To coordinate work among police departments
   B)To get police officers closer to the local people
   C)To help the residents in times of emergency
   D)To enable the police to take prompt action
 29 A)Popular
   B)discouraging 
   C)effective
   D)controversial
Passage Two
Questions 30 to 32 are based on the passage you have just heard.
30 A)people differ greatly in their ability to communicate
  B)there are numerous languages in existence 
  C)Most public languages are inherently vague
  D)Big gaps exist between private and public languages
31 A)it is a sign of human intelligence
  B)in improves with constant practice
  C)it is something we are born with
  D)it varies from person to person
32 A)how private languages are developed 
  B)how different languages are related
  C)how people create their languages
  D)how children learn to use language
Passage Three
Questions 33 to 35 are based on the passage you have just heard.
33 A)she was a tailor 
  B)she was an engineer
  C)she was an educator    D)she was a public speaker
34.A)Basing them on science-fiction movies.
　B) Including interesting examples in them
　C) Adjusting them to different audiences
　D) Focusing on the latest progress in space science
35.A) Whether spacemen carry weapons
　B) How spacesuits protect spacemen
　C) How NASA trains its spacemen
　D) What spacemen cat and drink
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear a passage three times. When the passage is read for the first time, you should listen carefully for its general idea. When the passage is read for the second time, you are required to fill in the blanks numbered from 36 to 43 with the exact words you have just heard. For blanks numbered from 44 to 46 you are required to fill in the missing information. For these blanks, you can either use the exact words you have just heard or write down the main points in your own words. Finally, when the passage is read for the third time, you should check what you have written.
　　Crime is increasing world wide. There is every reason to believe the (36)____will continue through the next few decades.
　　Crime rates have always been high in multicultural, industrialized societies such as the United States, but a new (37) ____has appeared on the world (38)____rapidly rising crime rates in nations that previously reported few(39)____. Street crimes such as robbery, rape (40) ___and auto theft are clearly rising (41)___in eastern European countries such as Hungary and in western European nations such as the united Kingdom.
　　What is driving this crime (42)____?There are no simple answers. Still，there are certain conditions(43) _______with rising crime increasing  heterogeneity (混杂) of populations, greater cultural pluralism, higher immigration, democratization of government,(44) _________________________________________________.
　　These conditions are increasingly observable around the world. For instance, cultures that were previously isolated and homogeneous(同种类的) ,such as Japan, Denmark and Greece (45)_______________________.
　　Multiculturalism can be a rewarding, enriching experience, but it can also lead to a clash of values. Heterogeneity in societies will be the rule in the twenty-first century, and (46)_______________________
Part IV Reading Comprehension （Reading in Depth） （25 minutes）
Section A 
Question 47-56
     A bookless life is an incomplete life. Books influence the depth and breadth of life. They meet the natural______47_____for freedom, for expression, for creativity and beauty of life. Learners, therefore, must have books, and the right type of book, for the satisfaction of their need. Readers turn______48_____ to books because their curiosity concerning all manners of things, their eagerness to share in the experiences of others and their need to ____49 _____ from their own limited environment lead them to find in books food for the mind and the spirit. Through their reading they find a deeper significance to life as books acquaint them with life in the world as it was and it is now. They are presented with a __50 _____ of human experiences and come to ___51 ____ other ways of thought and living. And while ____52 ____ their own relationships and responses to life , the readers often find that the ___53__ in their stories are going through similar adjustments, which help to clarify and give significance to their own.
　　 Books provide ___54 ____ material for readers' imagination to grow. Imagination is a valuable quality and a motivating power, and stimulates achievement. While enriching their imagination, books __55 ____their outlook, develop a fact-finding attitude and train them to use leisure ___56 ___. The social and educational significance of the readers' books cannot be overestimated in an academic library.  
A. Abundant  B. Characters  C. Communicating  D. Completely  E. Derive  F. Desire  G. Diversity
H. Escape  I. Establishing  J. Narrow  K. Naturally  L. Personnel  M. Properly  N. Respect  O. Widen
Section B 
Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked [A], [B], [C] and [D]. You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 57 to 61 are based on the following passage.
　　If you are a male and you are reading this ,congratulations: you are a survivor .According to statistics .you are more than twice as likely to die of skin cancer than a woman ,and nine times more likely to die of AIDS. Assuming you make it to the end of your natural term, about 78 years for men in Australia, you will die on average five years before a woman.
　　There are many reasons for this-typically, men take more risks than woman and are more likely to drink and smoke but perhaps more importantly, men don't go to the doctor.
   "Men aren't seeing doctors as often as they should, " says Dr. Gullotta, "This is particularly so for the over-40s,when diseases tend to strike."
　　Gullotta says a healthy man should visit the doctor every year or two. For those over 45,it should be at least once a year.
　　Two months ago Gullotta saw a 50-year-old ma who had delayed doing anything about his smoker's cough for a year.
   "When I finally saw him it had already spread and he has since died from lung cancer" he says, "Earlier detection and treatment may not have cured him, but it would have prolonged this life"
　　According to a recent survey, 95%of women aged between 15 and early 40s see a doctor once a year, compared to 70% of men in the same age group.
   "A lot of men think they are invincible （不可战胜的）"Gullotta says "They only come in when a friend drops dead on the golf course and they think" Geez, if it could happen to him.
　　Then there is the ostrich approach," some men are scared of what might be there and would rather not know, " says Dr. Ross Cartmill.
　　"Most men get their cars serviced more regularly than they service their bodies," Cartmill says .He believes most diseases that commonly affect men could be addressed by preventive check-ups.
　　Regular check-ups for men would inevitably place strain on the public purse, Cartmill says." But prevention is cheaper in the long run than having to treat the diseases. Besides, the ultimate cost is far greater: it is called premature death."
57.Why does the author congratulate his male readers at the beginning of the passage?
A. They are more likely to survive serious diseases today.
B. Their average life span has been considerably extended.
C. They have lived long enough to read this article.
D. They are sure to enjoy a longer and happier live.
58.What does the author state is the most important reason men die five years earlier on average than women?
A. men drink and smoke much more than women
B. men don't seek medical care as often as women
C. men aren't as cautions as women in face of danger
D. men are more likely to suffer from fatal diseases
59. Which of the following best completes the sentence "Geez, if it could happen to him...'(line2,para,8)?
A. it could happen to me, too
B. I should avoid playing golf
C. I should consider myself lucky
D. it would be a big misfortune
60what does Dr. Ross Cartmill mean by "the ostrich approach"(line q para.9)
A. a casual attitude towards one's health conditions
B. a new therapy for certain psychological problems
C. refusal to get medical treatment for fear of the pain involved
D. unwillingness to find out about one's disease because of fear
61. What does Cartmill say about regular check-ups for men?
A.They may increase public expenses
B.They will save money in the long run
C.They may cause psychological strains on men
D.They will enable men to live as long as women
Passage Two
Questions 62 to 66 are based on the following passage.
　　High-quality customer service is preached(宣扬) by many ,but actually keeping customers happy is easier said than done
　　Shoppers seldom complain to the manager or owner of a retail store, but instead will alert their friends, relatives, co-workers, strangers-and anyone who will listen.
　　Store managers are often the last to hear complaints, and often find out only when their regular customers decide t frequent their competitors, according to a study jointly conducted by Verde group and Wharton school
   "Storytelling hurts retailers and entertains consumers," said Paula Courtney, President of the Verde group." the store loses the customer, but the shopper must also find a replacement."
　　On average, every unhappy customer will complain to at least four other, and will no longer visit the specific store for every dissatisfied customer, a store will lose up to three more due to negative reviews. The resulting "snowball effect" can be disastrous to retailers.
　　According to the research, shoppers who purchased clothing encountered the most problems. ranked second and third were grocery and electronics customers.
　　The most common complaints include filled parking lots, cluttered (塞满了的) shelves, overloaded racks, out-of-stock items, long check-out lines, and rude salespeople.
　　During peak shopping hours, some retailers solved the parking problems by getting moonlighting（业余兼职的）local police to work as parking attendants. Some hired flag wavers to direct customers to empty parking spaces. This guidance eliminated the need for customers to circle the parking lot endlessly, and avoided confrontation between those eyeing the same parking space.
　　Retailers can relieve the headaches by redesigning store layouts, pre-stocking sales items, hiring speedy and experienced cashiers, and having sales representatives on hand to answer questions.
　　Most importantly, salespeople should be diplomatic and polite with angry customers.
　　"Retailers who're responsive and friendly are more likely to smooth over issues than those who aren't so friendly." said Professor Stephen Hoch. "Maybe something as simple as a greeter at the store entrance would help."
　　Customers can also improve future shopping experiences by filing complaints to the retailer, instead of complaining to the rest of the world. Retailers are hard-pressed to improve when they have no idea what is wrong.
注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答
62. Why are store managers often the last to hear complaints?
A Most customers won't bother to complain even if they have had unhappy experiences.
B Customers would rather relate their unhappy experiences to people around them.
C Few customers believe the service will be improved.
D Customers have no easy access to store managers.
63. What does Paula Courtney imply by saying " ... the shopper must also find a replacement" (Line 2, Para. 4)?
A New customers are bound to replace old ones.
B It is not likely the shopper can find the same products in other stores.
C Most stores provide the same
D Not complaining to the manager causes the shopper some trouble too.
64. Shop owners often hire moonlighting police as parking attendants so that shoppers_____
A can stay longer browsing in the store
B won't have trouble parking their cars
C won't have any worries about security
D can find their cars easily after shopping
65. What contributes most to smoothing over issues with customers?
A Manners of the salespeople
B Hiring of efficient employees
C Huge supply of goods for sale
D Design of the store layout.
66. To achieve better shopping experiences, customers are advised to _________.
A exert pressure on stores to improve their service
B settle their disputes with stores in a diplomatic way
C voice their dissatisfaction to store managers directly
D shop around and make comparisons between stores
 Part V 								Cloze         				（15 minutes）
Directions: There are 20 blanks in the following passage. For each blank there are four choices marked [A], [B], [C]and [D] on the right side of the paper. You should choose the ONE that best fits into the passage. Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. 

　　Playing organized sports is such a common experience in the United States that many children and teenagers that them for granted. This is especially true__67__children from families and communities that have the resources needed to organize and__68__sports programs and make sure that there is easy__69__to participation opportunities. Children in low-income families and poor communities are__70__likely to take organized youth sports for granted because they often__71__the resources needed to pay for participation__72__, equipment, and transportation to practices and games__73__ their communities do not have resources to build and__74__sports fields and facilities.
　　Organized youth sports__75__appeared during the early 20th century in the United States and other wealthy nations. They were originally developed__76__some educators and developmental experts__77__that the behavior and character of children were__78__influenced by their social surrounding and everyday experiences. This__79__many people to believe that if you could organize the experiences of children in__80__ways, you could influence the kinds of adults that those children would become.
　　This belief that the social__81__influenced a person's overall development was very__82__to people interested in progress and reform in the United States__83__the beginning of the 20th century. It caused them to think about__84__they might control the experiences of children to__85__responsible and productive adults. They believed strongly that democracy depended on responsibility and that a__86__capitalist economy depended on the productivity of worker.
67. A. among  B. within  C. on  D. towards
68. A. spread  B. speed   C. spur  D. sponsor
69. A. access  B. entrance  C. chance D. route
70 A. little  B. less C. more D. much
71. A. shrink B. tighten C. limit D. lack
72. A. bill B accounts C. fees D. fare
73. A. so B. as C. and D. but
74. A. maintain B. sustain C. contain D. entertain
75.A. last B. first C. later D. finally
76.A. before B. while C. until D. when
77.A. realized B. recalled C. expected D. exhibited
78.A. specifically B. excessively C. strongly D. exactly
79. A. moved B. conducted C. put D. led
80. A. precise B. precious C. particular D. peculiar
81.A. engagement B. environment C. state D. status
82.A. encouraging B. disappointing C. upsetting D. surprising
83.A. for B. with C. over D. at
84.A. what B. how C. whatever D. however
85.A. multiply B. manufacture C. produce D. provide
86.A. growing B. breeding C. raising D. flying
Part Ⅵ               Translation                 (5 minutes)
Directions: Complete the sentences by translating into English the Chinese given in brackets. 
87.Medical researchers are painfully aware that there are many problems______________(他们至今还没有答案)
88.______________________ (大多数父母所关心的) is providing the best education possible for their children.
89.You'd better take a sweater with you_____________________________________________ (以防天气变冷)
90.Throught the project, many people have received training and__________________________ (决定自己创业)
91.The anti-virus agent was not known___________________________________(直到一名医生偶然发现了它)

答案：（提示：答案来源于网络，仅供参考）
快速阅读
1. A 2. D 3. B 4. A 5. C 6. B 7. D   8. challenged  9. can be proud of  10. stay silent
听力：
11. D) She has lost contact with most of her old friends.
12. D) A painter.
13. C) Make inquires elsewhere.
14. C) He has gained some weight lately.
15. D) He doesn't like abstract paintings.
16. B) She may have put her notebook amid the journals.
17. A) She wants to get some sleep.
18. B) His chance of getting the job is slim.

19. A He can manage his time more flexible.
20. D Searching its website.
21. D To utilize its retired employee's resources.
22 C See a piece of property.
23. B It is a small one with a two-bedroom house.
24. C It may now be big enough for raising corn.
25. A Finances.

26. A) To introduce the chief of the city' police force.
27. D) He holds a master's degree in criminology.
28. B) To get police officers closer to the local people.
29. C) Effective.
30. B) There are numerous languages in existence.
31. C) It is something we are born with.
32. D) How children learn to use language.
33. B) She was an engineer.
34. C) Adjusting them to different audiences.
35. A) Whether spacemen carry weapons.
复合式听写
36 trend   37 phenomenon   38 scene   39 offenses   40 murder   41 particularly   42 explosion 
43 associated 
44changing national borders, greater economic growth, and the lack of accepted social ideas of right and wrong 
45 are now facing the sort of cultural variety that has been common in America for most of its history 
46 failure to recognize and plan for such diversity can lead to serious crime problems Reading Comprehension 
阅读理解
Section A
47. F/ desire  48. K/ naturally  49. H/ escape  50. G/ diversity  51. N/ respect  52. I/ establishing
53. B/ characters  54. A/ abundant   55. O/ widen  56. M/ properly 
57 A they are more likely to survive serious diseases today.
58 B men don't seek medical care as often as women,
59 A it could happen to me, too
60 D unwillingness to find out about one's decease because of fear.
61 B they will save money in the long run.
62 B customer would rather relate their unhappy experiences to people around them.
63 C most stores provide the same kind of service.
64 B won't have to trouble parking their cars.
65 A manners of the salespeople 
66 C voice their dissatisfaction to store managers directly.
完型填空
67. A. among  68. D. sponsor  69. A. access  70. B. less  71. D. lack  72. C. fees  73. B. as
74. A. maintain  75. B. first  76. D. when  77. A. realized  78. C. strongly  79. D. led
80. C. particular  81. B. environment  82. A. encouraging  83. D. at  84. B. how   85. C. produce
86. A. growing
翻译
87. (that/which) they haven't found solution to
88. What most parents concern 
89. in case it (should) turn cold. 
90. decided to launch their own enterprise
91. until a doctor discovered it by chance.
2008年6月
Part I Writing (30 minutes)    
                               Recreational Activities
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write A Letter of Apology according to the outline given below. You should write at least 120 words following the outline given below in Chinese.
1.娱乐活动多种多样
2.娱乐活动可能使人们受益，也可能有危害性
3.作为大学生，我的看法。


Part II Reading Comprehension (Skimming and Scanning) (15 minutes)

Media Selection for Advertisements
   After determining the target audience for a product or service, advertising agencies must select the appropriate media for the advertisement. We discuss here the major types of media used in advertising. We focus on attention on seven types of advertising: television, newspapers, radio, magazines, out-of-home, Internet, and direct mail.
Television
   Television in an attractive medium for advertising because it delivers mass audiences to advertisers. When you consider that nearly three out of four Americans have seen the game show Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? you can understand the power of television to communicate with a large audience. When advertisers create a brand, for example, they want to impress consumers with the brand and its image. Television provides an ideal vehicle for this type of communication. But television is an expensive medium, and not all advertisers can afford to use it.
   Television's influence on advertising is fourfold. First, narrowcasting means that television channels are seen by an increasingly narrow segment of the audience. the Golf Channel, for instance, is watched by people who play golf. Home and Garden Television is seen by those interested in household improvement projects. Thus, audiences are smaller and more homogeneous (具有共同特点的) than they have been in the past. Second, there is an increase in the number of television channels available to viewers, and thus, advertisers. This had also resulted in an increase in the sheer number of advertisements to which audiences are exposed. Third, digital recording devices allow audience members more control over which commercials they watch. Fourth, control over programming is being passed from the networks to local cable operators and satellite programmers.
Newspapers
   After television, the medium attracting the next largest annual as revenue is newspapers. The New York Times, which reaches a national audience, accounts for $1 billion in ad revenue annually. It has increased its national circulation (发行量) by 40% and is now available for home delivery in 168 cities. Locally, newspapers are the largest advertising medium.
   Newspapers are a less expensive advertising medium than television and provide a way for advertisers to communicate a longer, more detailed message to their audience than they can through television. Given new production techniques, advertisements can be printed in about 48 hours, meaning newspapers are also a quick way of getting the message out. Newspapers are often the most important form of news for a local community, and they develop a high degree of loyalty from local readers.
Radio
   Advertising on radio continues to grow. Radio is often used in conjunction with outdoor bill-boards (广告牌) and the Internet to reach even more customers than television. Advertisers are likely to use radio because it is a less expensive medium than television, which means advertisers can afford to repeat their ads often. Internet companies are also turning to radio advertising. Radio provides a way for advertisers to communicate with audience members at all times of the day. Consumers listen to radio on their way to school or work, at work, on the way home, and in the evening hours.
   Two major changes-satellite and Internet radio-will force radio advertisers to adapt their methods. Both of these radio forms allow listeners to tune in stations that are more distant than the local stations they could receive in the past. As a result, radio will increasingly attract target audiences who live many miles apart.
Magazines
   Newsweeklies, women's titles, and business magazines have all seen increases in advertising because they attract the high-end market. Magazines are popular with advertisers because of the narrow market that they deliver. A broadcast medium such as network television attracts all types of audience members, but magazine audiences are more homogeneous. If you read Sports Illustrated, for example, you have such in common with the magazine's other readers. Advertisers see magazines as an efficient way of reaching target audience members.
   Advertisers using the print media-magazines and newspapers-will need to adapt to two main changes. First, the Internet will bring larger audiences to local newspapers. These audiences will be more diverse and geographically dispersed (分散) than in the past. Second, advertisers will have to understand how to use an increasing number of magazines for their target audiences. Although some magazines will maintain national audiences, a large number of magazines will entertain narrower audiences.
Out-of-home advertising
   Out-of-home advertising, also called place-based advertising, has become an increasingly effective way of reaching consumers, who are more active than ever before. Many consumers today do not sit at home and watch television. Using billboards, newsstands, and bus shelters for advertising is an effective way of reaching these on-the-go consumers. More consumers travel longer distances to and from work, which also makes out-of-home advertising effective. Technology has changed the nature of the billboard business, making it a more effective medium than in the past. Using the digital printing, billboard companies can print a billboard in 2 hours, compared with 6 days previously. This allows advertisers more variety in the types of messages they create because they can change their messages more quickly.
Internet
   As consumers become more comfortable with online shopping, advertisers will seek to reach this market. As consumers get more of their news and information from the Internet, the ability of television and radio to get the word out to consumers will decrease. The challenge to Internet advertisers is to create ads that audience members remember.
   Internet advertising will play a more prominent role in organizations' advertising in the near future. Internet audiences tend to be quite homogeneous, but small. Advertisers will have to adjust their methods to reach these audiences and will have to adapt their persuasive strategies to the inline medium as well.
Direct mail
   A final advertising medium is direct mail, which uses mailings to consumers to communicate a client's message. Direct mail includes newsletters, postcards, and special promotion. Direct mail is an effective way to build relationships with consumers. For many businesses, direct mail is the most effective form of advertising.
1. Television is an attractive advertising medium in that __ __ __
A) it has large audiences
B) it appeals to housewives
C) it helps build up a company's reputation
D) it is affordable to most advertisers

2. With the increase in the number of TV channels, ________.

A) the cost of TV advertising has decreased
B) the number of TV viewers has increased

C) advertisers' interest in other media has decreased
D) the number of TV ads people can see has increased
3. Compare with television, newspapers as an advertising medium _______.

A) earn a larger annual ad revenue
B) convey more detailed messages
C) use more production techniques
D) get messages out more effectively

4. Advertising on radio continues to grow because _______.

A) more local radio stations have been set up
B) modern technology makes it more entertaining
C) it provides easy access to consumers
D) it has been revolutionized by Internet radio

5. Magazines are seen by advertisers as an efficient way to _______.

A) reach target audiences
B) appeal to educated people
C) attract diverse audiences
D) convey all kinds of messages

6. Out-of-home advertising has become more effective because _______.

A) billboards can be replaced within two hours
B) consumers travel more now than ever before
C) such ads have been made much more attractive
D) the pace of urban life is much faster nowadays

7. The challenge to Internet advertisers is to create ads that are ________.

A) quick to update
B) pleasant to look at
C) easy to remember
D) convenient to access

8. Internet advertisers will have to adjust their methods to reach audiences that tend to be _______.
9. Direct mail is an effective form of advertising for business to develop ________.
10. This passage discusses how advertisers select ________ for advertisements.

Part III  Listening Comprehension   (35 minutes)
Section A

11. A) Given his ankle a good rest.
   B) Treat his injury immediately.
C) Continue his regular activities.
D) Be careful when climbing steps.

12. A) On a train.
B) On a plane.
C) In a theater.
D) In a restaurant.

13. A) A tragic accident.
   B) A sad occasion.
C) Smith's unusual life story.
D) Smith's sleeping problem.

14. A) Review the detail of all her lessons.
   B) Compare notes with his classmates.
C) Talk with her about his learning problems.
D) Focus in the main points of her lectures.

15. A) The man blamed the woman for being careless.   B) The man misunderstood the woman's apology.
   C) The woman offered to pay for the man's coffee.   D) The woman spilt coffee on the man's jacket.

16. A) Extremely tedious.
   B) Hard to understand.
C) Lacking a good plot.
D) Not worth seeing twice.

17. A) Attending every lecture.
   B) Doing lots of homework.
C) Reading very extensively.
D) Using test-taking strategies.

18. A) The digital TV system will offer different programs. B) He is eager to see what the new system is like.
 C) He thinks it unrealistic to have 500 channels.  D) The new TV system may not provide anything better.
Questions 19 to 22 are based on the conversation you have just heard.

19. A) A notice by the electricity board.
   B) Ads promoting electric appliances.
C) The description of a thief in disguise.
D) A new policy on pensioners' welfare.

20. A) Speaking with a proper accent.
　　B) Wearing an official uniform.
C) Making friends with them.
D) Showing them his ID.

21. A) To be on the alert when being followed.
   B) Not to leave senior citizens alone at home.
C) Not to let anyone in without an appointment.
D) To watch out for those from the electricity board.

22. A) She was robbed near the parking lot.
   B) All her money in the bank disappeared.
C) The pension she had just drawn was stolen.
D) She was knocked down in the post office.

Questions 23 to 25 are based on the conversation you have just heard.

23. A) Marketing consultancy.
   B) Professional accountancy.
C) Luxury hotel management.
D) Business conference organization.

24. A) Having a good knowledge of its customs.
   B) Knowing some key people in tourism.
C) Having been to the country before.
D) Being able to speak Japanese.

25. A) It will bring her potential into full play.
   B) It will involve lots of train travel.
C) It will enable her to improve her Chinese.
D) It will give her more chances to visit Japan.

Section B
Passage One
Questions 26 to 28 are based on the conversation you have just heard.

26. A) The lack of time.
   B) The quality of life.
C) The frustrations at work.
D) The pressure on working families.

27. A) They were just as busy as people of today.
   B) They saw the importance of collective efforts.
C) They didn't complain as much as modern man.
D) They lived a hard life by hunting and gathering.

28. A) To look for creative ideas of awarding employees.
   B) To explore strategies for lowering production costs.
   C) To seek new approaches to dealing with complaints.
   D) To find effective ways to give employees flexibility.
Passage Two
Questions 29 to 31 are based on the conversation you have just heard.

29. A) Family violence.
   B) The Great Depression.
C) Her father's disloyalty.
D) Her mother's bad temper.

30. A) His advanced age.
   B) His children's efforts.
C) His improved financial condition. 
D) His second wife's positive influence.

31. A) Love is blind.
   B) Love breeds love.
C) Divorce often has disastrous consequences.
D) Happiness is hard to find in blended families.

Passage Three
Questions 32 to 35 are based on the conversation you have just heard.

32. A) It was located in a park.
   B) Its owner died of a heart attack.
C) It went bankrupt all of a sudden.
D) Its potted plants were for lease only.

33. A) Planting some trees in the greenhouse.
   B) Writing a want ad to a local newspaper.
C) Putting up a Going Out of Business sign.
D) Helping a customer select some purchases.

34. A) Opening an office in the new office park.
   B) Keeping better relations with her company.
C) Developing fresh business opportunities.
D) Building a big greenhouse of his own.

35. A) Owning the greenhouse one day.
   B) Securing a job at the office park.
C) Cultivating more potted plants.
D) Finding customers out of town.

Section C
   We're now witnessing the emergence of an advanced economy based on information and knowledge. Physical (36) ________, raw materials, and capital are no longer the key (37) ________ in the creation of wealth. Now, the (38) _______ raw material in our economy is knowledge. Tomorrow's wealth depends on the development and exchange of knowledge. And (39) _______ entering the workforce offer their knowledge, not their muscles. Knowledge workers get paid for their education and their ability to learn. Knowledge workers (40) ________ in mind work. They deal with symbols: (41) ________, and data.
   What does all this mean for you? As a future knowledge worker, you can expect to be (42) ________, processing, as well as exchanging information, (43) _______, three out of hour jobs involve some form of mind work, and that number will increase sharply in the future. Management and employees alike (44)_______________________________________________________________________.
   In the new world of work, you can look forward to being in constant training (45) _______________________________________________________________. And don't wait for someone to "empower" you. You have to empower yourself.

Part IV Reading Comprehension (Reading in Depth)  (25 minutes)

Section A
   Some years ago I was offered a writing assignment that would require three months of travel through Europe. I had been abroad a couple of times, but I could hardly _47_ to know my way around the continent. Moreover, my knowledge of foreign languages was _48_ to a little college French.
   I hesitated. How would I, unable to speak the language, _49_ unfamiliar with local geography or transportation systems, set up _50_ and do research? It seemed impossible, and with considerable _51_ I sat down to write a letter begging off. Halfway through, a thought can through my mind: you can learn if you don't try. So I accepted the assignment.
   There were some bad _52_. But by the time I had finished the trip I was an experienced traveler. And ever since, I have never hesitated to head for even the most remote of places, without guiders or even _53_ bookings, confident that somehow I will manage.
   The point is that the new, the different, is almost by definition _54_. But each time you try something, you learn, and as the learning piles up, the world opens to you.
   I've learned to ski at 40, and flown up the Rhine River in a _55_. And I know I'll go on doing such things. It's not because I'm braver or more daring than others. I'm not. But I'll accept anxiety as another name for challenge and I believe I can _56_ wonders.

A) accomplish
B) advanced
C) balloon
D) claim
E) constantly
F) declare
G) interviews
H)limited
I) manufacture
J) moments
K) news
L) reduced
M) regret
N) scary
O) totally


Section B
Passage One
   Global warming may or may not be the great environmental crisis of the 21st century, but regardless of whether it is or isn't -we won't do much about it.  We will argue over it and may even, as a nation, make some fairly solemn-sounding commitments to avoid it. But the more dramatic and meaningful these commitments seem, the less likely they are to be observed.
   Al Gore calls global warming an "inconvenient truth," as if merely recognizing it could put us on a path to a solution. But the real truth is that we don't know enough to relieve global warming, and -without major technological breakthroughs-we can't do much about it.
   From 2003 to 2050, the world's population is projected to grow from 6.4 billion to 9.1 billion, a 42% increase. If energy use per person and technology remain the same, total energy use and greenhouse gas emissions (mainly, CO2) will be 42% higher in 2050. but that's too low, because societies that grow richer use more energy. We need economic growth unless we condemn the world's poor to their present poverty and freeze everyone else's living standards. With modest growth, energy use and greenhouse emissions more than double by 2050.
   No government will adopt rigid restrictions on economic growth and personal freedom (limits on electricity usage, driving and travel) that might cut back global warming. Still, politicians want to show they're "doing something." Consider the Kyoto Protocol (京都议定书). It allowed countries that joined to punish those that didn't. But it hasn't reduced CO2 emissions (up about 25% since 1990), and many signatories (签字国) didn't adopt tough enough policies to hit their 2008-2012 targets.
   The practical conclusion is that if global warming is a potential disaster, the only solution is new technology. Only an aggressive research and development program might find ways of breaking dependence on fossil fuels or dealing with it.
The trouble with the global warming debate is that it has become a moral problem when it's really an engineering one. The inconvenient truth is that if we don't solve the engineering problem, we're helpless.
57. What is said about global warming in the first paragraph?

A) It may not prove an environmental crisis at all. 
B) It is an issue requiring world wide commitments.
C) Serious steps have been taken to avoid or stop it.
D) Very little will be done to bring it under control.

58. According to the author's understanding, what is Al Gore's view on global warming?
A) It is a reality both people and politicians are unaware of.
B) It is a phenomenon that causes us many inconveniences.
C) It is a problem that can be solved once it is recognized.
D) It is an area we actually have little knowledge about.
59. Green house emissions will more than double by 2050 because of _______.

A) economic growth
B) the widening gap between the rich and poor
C) wasteful use of energy
D) the rapid advances of science and technology

60. The author believes that, since the signing of the Kyoto Protocol, ________.
A) politicians have started to do something to better the situation
B) few nations have adopted real tough measures to limit energy use
C) reductions in energy consumption have greatly cut back global warming
D) international cooperation has contributed to solving environmental problems
61. What is the message the author intends to convey?
A) Global warming is more of a moral issue than a practical one.
B) The ultimate solution to global warming lies in new technology
C) The  debate over global warming will lead to technological breakthroughs.
D) People have to give up certain material comforts to stop global warming.
Passage Two
   Someday a stranger will read your e-mail without your permission or scan the Websites you've visited. Or perhaps someone will casually glance through your credit card purchase or cell phone bills to find out your shopping preferences or calling habits.
   In fact, it's likely some of these things have already happened to you. Who would watch you without your permission? It might be a spouse, a girlfriend, a marketing company, a boss, a cop or a criminal. Whoever it is, they will see you in a way you never intended to be seen - the 21st century equivalent of being caught naked.
   Psychologists tell us boundaries are healthy, that it's important to reveal yourself to friends, family and lovers in stages, at appropriate times. But few boundaries remain. The digital bread crumbs (碎屑) you leave everywhere make it easy for strangers to reconstruct who you are, where you are and what you like. In some cases, a simple Google search can reveal what you think. Like it or not, increasingly we live in a world where you simple cannot keep a secret.
   The key question is: Does that matter?
   When opinion polls ask Americans about privacy, most say they are concerned about losing it. A survey found an overwhelming pessimism about privacy, with 60 percent of respondents saying they feel their privacy is "slipping away, and that bothers me."
   But people say one thing and do another. Only a tiny fraction of Americans change any behaviors in an effort to preserve their privacy. Few people turn down a discount at tollbooths (收费站) to avoid using the EZ-Pass system that can track automobile movements. And few turn down supermarket loyalty cards. Privacy economist Alessandro Acquisti has run a series of tests that reveal people will surrender personal information like Social Security numbers just to get their hands on a pitiful 50-cents-off coupon (优惠券).
   But privacy does matter - at least sometimes. It's like health: When you have it, you don't notice it. Only when it's gone do you wish you'd done more to protect it.
62. What does the author mean by saying "the 21st century equivalent of being caught naked "(Lines 3-4, Para.2)?
A) People's personal information is easily accessed without their knowledge.
B) In the 21st century people try every means to look into others' secrets.
C) People tend to be more frank with each other in the information age.
D) Criminals are easily caught on the spot with advanced technology.
63. What would psychologists advise on the relationships between friends?

A) Friends should open their hearts to each other.
B) Friends should always be faithful to each other.
C) There should be a distance even between friends.
D) There should be fewer disputes between friends.

64. Why does the author say "we live in a world where you simple cannot keep a secret" (Line 5, Para.3)?
A) Modern society has finally evolved into an open society.
B) People leave traces around when using modern technology.
C) There are always people who are curious about others' affairs.
D) Many search engines profit by revealing people's identities.
65. What do most Americans do with regard to privacy protection?
A) They change behaviors that might disclose their identity.
B) They use various loyalty cards for business transactions.

C) They rely more and more on electronic devices.
D) They talk a lot but hardly do anything about it.

66. According to the passage, privacy is like health in that ________.

A) people will make every effort to keep it
B) its importance is rarely understood
C) it is something that can easily be lost
D) people don't cherish it until they lose it


Part V   Cloze  (15 minutes)
   Universities are institution that teach a wide variety of subjects at advanced levels. They also carry out research work aimed _67_ extending man's knowledge of these subjects. The emphasis given to each of these functions _68_ from university to university, according to the views of the people in _69_ and according to the resources available. The smaller and newer universities do not _70_ the staff or equipment to carry out the _71_ research projects possible in larger institutions. _72_ most experts agree that some research activity is _73_ to keep the staff and their students in _74_ with the latest developments in their subjects.
   Most students attend a university mainly to _75_ the knowledge needed for their chosen _76_. Educationists believe that this aim should not be the _77_ one. Universities have always aimed to produce men and women _78_ judgment and wisdom as well as knowledge. For this reason, they _79_ students to meet others with differing _80_ and to read widely to _81_ their understanding in many fields of study. _82_ a secondary school course, a student should be interested enough in a subject to enjoy gaining knowledge for its own _83_. He should be prepared to _84_ sacrifices to study his chosen _85_ in depth. He should have an ambition to make some 86 contribution to man's knowledge.

67. A) at   B) by   C) to    
D) in  

68.A) turns
B) ranges
C) moves
D) varies

69.A) prospect
B) place
C) control
D) favor

70.A) occupy
B) possess
C) involve
D) spare

71.A) maximum
B) medium
C) virtual
D) vast

72.A) But  B) As   C) While  
73.A) natural    B) essential  C) functionalD) optional

74.A) coordination    B) accordance   C) touch     D) grasp

75.A) acquire   B) accept    C) endure    D) ensure

76.A) procession   B) profession   C) possession    D) preference

77.A) typical    B) true    C) mere    D) only

78.A) with     B) under   C) on     D) through

79.A) prompt   B) provoke    C) encourage   D) anticipate

80.A) histories   B) expressions   C) interests   D) curiosities

81.A) broaden   B) lengthen    C) enforce
D) specify

82.A) Amid    B) After     C) Over   D) Upon

83.A) object   B) course   C) effect   D) sake

84.A) take   B) make  C) suffer  D) pay

85.A) field   B) scope    C) target    D) goal

86.A) radical   B) truthfu l    C) meaningful    D) init


Part VI  Translation   (5 minutes)
87. Our efforts will pay off if the results of this research ___________________(能应用于新技术的开发)。
88. I can't boot my computer now. something ___________(一定出了什么毛病) with its operation system.
89. Leaving one's job, ________________(不管是什么工作), is a difficult change, even for those who look forward to retiring.
90. __________________________ (与我成长的地方相比), this town is more prosperous and exciting.
91. _________________________________(直到他完成使命) did he realize that he was seriously ill.
Part Ⅱ 快速阅读答案
     1. A) it has large audiences 
     2. D) the number of TV ads people can see has increased 
     3. B) convey more detailed messages 
     4. C) it provides easy access to consumers 
     5. A) reach target audiences 
     6. B) consumers travel more now than ever before 
     7. C) easy to remember 
     8. quite homogeneous, but small. 
     9. relationships with consumers 
     10. the appropriate media 
     Part Ⅲ 听力
     11. A) Give his ankle a good rest. 
     12. C) In a theater. 
     13. B) A sad occasion. 
     14. D) Focus on the main points of her lectures. 
     15. D) The woman split coffee on the man's skirt. 
     16. B) Hard to understand. 
     17. A) Attending every lecture. 
     18. D) The new TV program may not provide anything better. 
     长对话1 
     19. C) The description of a thief in disguise. 
     20. D) Showing them his ID. 
     21. C) Not to let anyone in without an appointment. 
     22. C) The pension she had just drawn was stolen. 
     长对话2 
     23. A) Marketing consultancy. 
     24. D) Being able to speak Japanese. 
     25. B)It will involve lots of train travel. 
     短文1 
     26. A) The lack of time. 
     27. A) They were just as busy as people of today. 
     28. D) To find effective ways to give employees flexibility. 
     短文2 
     29. B) The Great Depression. 
     30. D) His second wife's positive influence. 
     31. B) Love breeds love. 
     短文3 
     32. B) Its owner died of a heart stroke. 
     33. C) Putting up a Going Out of Business sing. 
     34. C) Developing fresh business opportunities. 
     35. A. Owning the greenhouse one day. 
     复合式听写 
     36) labor  37) ingredients  38) vital  39) individuals  40) engage  41) figures 
     42) generating   43) Currently 
     44) will be making decisions in such areas as product development, quality control, and customer satisfaction. 
     45) to acquire new skills that will help you keep up with the improved technologies and procedures 
     46) Don't expect the companies to provide you with a clearly-defined career path. 
     Part Ⅳ 阅读理解  
     47. D) claim  48. H) limited  49. O) totally  50. G) interviews  51. M) regret 
     52. J) moments  53. B) advanced  54. N) scary  55. C) balloon 56. A) accomplish 
     57. D) Very little will be done to bring it under control. 
     58. C) It is a problem that can be solved once it is recognized. 
     59. A) economic growth. 
     60. B) few nations have adopted real tough measures to limit energy use. 
     61. B) The ultimate solution to global warming lies in new technology. 
     62. A) People's personal information is easily accessed without their knowledge. 
     63. C) There should be a distance even between friends. 
     64. B) People leave traces around when using modern technology. 
     65. D) They talk a lot but hardly do anything about it. 
     66. D) People don't cherish it until they lost it. 
     Part Ⅴ 完形 
     67. A) at  68. D) varies  69. C) control  70. B) possess  71. D) vast   72. A) But  73. B) essential 
     74. C) touch  75. A) acquire  76. B) profession  77. D) only  78. A) with  79. C) encourage 
     80. C) interests  81. A) broaden  82. B) After  83. D) sake  84. B) make  85. A) field 
     86. C) meaningful 
     Part VI Translation 
     87. Our efforts will pay off if the results of the research can be applied to the development of new technology.（能应用于新技术的开发） 
     88. I can't boot my computer now. Something must be wrong （一定出了毛病）with its operating system. 
     89. Leaving one's job, no matter what job it is /whatever job it is, （无论是什么工作）is a difficult change, even for those who look forward to retiring. 
     90. Compared with the place (in which/where) I grow up, （与我成长的地方相比）this town is more prosperous and exciting. 
     91. Not until he finished his mission （直到他完成使命）did he realize that he was seriously ill. 

   







2007年12月四级考试真题

Part Ⅰ               Writing              (30 minutes)
注意：此部分试题在答题卡1上。
 Part Ⅱ Rading comprehension (Skimming and scanning) (15minutes)
Directions: In this part, you will have 15 minutes to go over the passsage quickly and answer the questions on Answer Sheet 1. For questions 1-7, choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B),C) and D). For questions 8-10, complete the sentences with the information given in the passage.
Univeraities Branch Out
     As never before in their long story, universities have become instruments of national 
competition as well as instruments of peace. They are the place of the scientific discoveries that 
move economies forward, and the primary means of educating the talent required to obtain and 
maintain competitive advantages. But at the same time, the opening of national borders to the flow 
of goods, services, information and especially people has made universities a powerful force for 
global integration, mutual understanding and geopolitical stability.
   In response to the same forces that have driven the world economy, universities have become 
More self-consciousy global: seeking students from around the world who represent the entire 
range of cultures and values, sending their own students abroad to prepare them for global careers, 
offering courses of study that address the challenges of an interconnected world and collaborative
（合作的）research programs to advance science for the benefit of all humanity.
Of the forces shaping higher education none is more sweeping than the movement across borders. Over the past three decades the number of students leaving home each year to study abroad has grown at an annual rate of 3.0 percent, from 8000,000 in 1975 to 2.5 million in 2994. Most travel from one developed nation to another, but the flow from developing to developed countries id growing rapidly. The reverse flow, from developed to developing countries, is on the rise, too. Today foreign students earn 30 percent of the doctoral degrees awarded in the United States and 38 percent of those in the United Kingdom. And the number crossing borders for undergraduate study is growing as well, to 8 percent of the undergraduates at America's best institutions and 10 percent of all undergraduates in the U.K. In the United States, 20 percent of the newly hired professors in science and engineering are foreign-born, and in China many newly hired faculty hired faculty members at the top research universities received their graduate education abroad.
	Universities are also encouraging students to spend some of their undergraduate years in another country. In Europe, more than 140,000 students participate in the Erasmus program each year, taking courses for credit in one of 2, 2000 participating institutions across the continent. And in the United States, institutions are helping place students in summer internships（实习）abroad to prepare them for global careers. Yale and Harvard have led the way, offering every undergraduate at least one international study or internship opportunity and providing the financial resources to make it possible.
　　Globalization is also reshaping the way research is done. One new trend involves sourcing portions of a research program to another country. Yale professor and Howard Hughes Medical Shanghai's Fudan University, in collaboration with faculty colleagues from both schools. The Shanghai center has 95 employees and graduate students working in a 4,300-square-meter laboratory seminars with scientists from both campuses. The arrangement benefits both countries;
Xu's Yale lab is more productive, thanks to the lower costs of conducing from a word-class scientist and his U.S. team.
　　As a result of its strength in science, the United States has consistently led of the world in the world in the commercialization of major new technologies, from the mainframe computer and integrated circuit of the 1960s to the internet infrastructure(基础设施)and applications software of 
the 1990s.The link between university-based science and industrial application is often indirect but sometimes highly visible: Silicon Valley was intentionally created by Stanford University, and
Route 128 outside Boston has long housed companies spun off from MIT and Harvard. Around the world ,governments have encouraged copying of his model, perhaps most successfully in Cambridge, England, where Microsoft and scores of other leading software and biotechnology companies have set up shop around the university.
　　For all its success, the United States remains deeply hesitant about sustaining the research university model. Most politician recognize the link between investment in science and national 
Economic strength, but support for research funding has been unsteady. The budget of the National Institutes of Health doubled between 1998 and 2003,but has risen more slowly than inflations since then. Support for the physical sciences and engineering barely kept pace with inflation during that same period. The attempt to make up lost ground is welcome, but the nation would be better served by steady, predictable increases in science funding at the rate of long-term GDP growth, which is on the order of inflation plus 3 percent per year.
　　American politicians have great difficulty recognizing that admitting more foreign students can greatly promote the national interest by increasing international understanding. Adjusted for inflation, public funding for international exchanges and foreign-language study is well below the levels of 40 years ago. In the wake of September 11,changes in the visa process caused a dramatic decline in the number of foreign students seeking admission to U.S. Universities, and a corresponding surge in enrollments in Australia, Singapore and the U .K. Objections from Americans university and business leaders led to improvements in the process and a reversal of the decline ,but the United States is still seen by many as unwelcoming to international students.
　　Most Americans recognize that universities contribute to the nation's well-being through their scientific research, but many fear that foreign students threaten American competitiveness by taking their knowledge and skills back home. They fail to grasp that welcoming foreign students and like immigrants throughout history-strength the nation; and second, foreign students who study in the United States become ambassadors for many of its most cherished(珍视) values when they return home. Or at least they understand them better. In America as elsewhere, few Instruments of foreign policy are as effective in promoting peace and stability as welcoming international university students.
注意：此部分试题请在答题卡1上作答。
1．From the first paragraph we know that present -day universities have become           
　　A．more and more research-oriented			
　　B．in-service training organizations
　　C．more popularized than ever before			
　　D．a powerful force for global integration
2．Over the past three decades, the enrollment of overseas students has increased         
　　A．by2.5 million	B．by 800,000	
　　C．at an annual rate of 3.9 percent
　　D．at an annual rate of 8 percent
3．In the United States,how many of the newly hired professors in science and engineering are foreign-born?
　　A．10%	B．20%	C．30%	D．38%
4．How do Yale and Harvard prepare their undergraduates for global careers?
　　A．They organize a series of seminars on world economy
　　B．They offer them various courses in international politics
　　C．They arrange for them to participate in the Erasmus program
　　D．They give them chances for international study or internship
5．An example illustrating the general trend of universities' globalization is                 
　　A．Yale's collaboration with Fudan University on genetic research
　　B．Yale's helping Chinese universities to launch research projects
　　C．Yale's student exchange program with European institutions
　　D．Yale's establishing branch campuses throughout the world
6．What do we learn about Silicon Valley from the passage?
　　A．It houses many companies spun off from MIT and Harvard
　　B．It is known to be the birthplace of Microsoft Company
　　C．It was intentionally created by Stanford University
　　D．It is where the Internet infrastructure was built up
7．What is said about the U.S. federal funding for research?
　　A．It has increased by 3 percent		
　　B．It has been unsteady for years		
　　C．It has been more than sufficient		
　　D．It doubled between 1998 and 2003
8．The dramatic decline in the enrollment of foreign students in the U.S after September 11 was caused by             
9．Many Americans fear that American competiveness may be threatened by foreign students who will           
10．The policy of welcoming foreign students can benefit the U.S. in that the very best of them will stay and              
Part Ⅲ          Listening Comprehension               (35 minutes)
Section A
Direction: In his section, you will hear 8 short conversations and 2 long conversations. At the end of each conversation, one or more questions will be asked about what was said. both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After each question there will a pause. During the pause, you must read the four choices marked A),B),C) and D),and decide which is the best answer. Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet2 with a single line through the centre.
注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答。
11.	A) She used to be in poor health. 				C) She was somewhat overweight
　　B) She was popular among boys.				D) She didn't do well at high school.
12.	A) At he airport.							C) In a booking office.
	B) In a restaurant.							D) At the hotel reception.
13.	A) Teaching her son by herself.				C) Asking the teacher for extra help.
	B) Having confidence in her son.				D) Telling her son not to worry.
14.	A) Have a short break.						C) Continue her work outdoors.
	B) Take two weeks off.						D) Go on vacation with the man.
15.	A) He is taking care of this twin brother.		C) He is worried about Rod's health.
	C) He ha been feeling ill all week.				D) He has been in perfect condition.
16.	A) She sold all her furniture before she moved house.
	B) She still keeps some old furniture in her new house.
	C) She plans to put all her old furniture in the basement.
	D) She brought a new set of furniture from Italy last month.
17.	A) The woman wondered why the man didn't return the book.
	B) The woman doesn't seem to know what the book is about.
	C) The woman doesn't find the book useful any more.
	D) The woman forgot lending the book to the man.
18.	A) Most of the man's friends are athletes.
	B) Few people share the woman's opinion.
	C) The man doesn't look like a sportsman.
	D) The woman doubts the man's athletic ability.
Questions 19 to 22 are based on the conversation you have heard.
19. A) She has packed it in one of her bags.  B) She has probably left it in a taxi.
  C) She id going to get it the airport.    D) She is afraid that she has lost it.
20) A) It ends in winter.     B) It will cost her a lot.
 C) It will last one week.      D) It depends on the weather.
21. A) The plane is taking off soon.   B) There might be a traffic jam.
   C) The taxi is waiting for them.    D) There is a lot of stuff to pack.
22. A) At home.    B) In the man's car.
   C) At the airport.    D) By the side of a taxi.
Questions 23 to 25 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
23. A) She is thirsty for promotion.   B) She wants a much higher salary.
   C) She is tired of  her present work.    D) She wants to save travel expenses.
24. A) Translator.    B) Travel agent.  C) Language instructor.
   D) Environment engineer.
25. A) Lively personality and inquiring mind.
   B) Communication skills and team spirit.
   C) Devotion and work efficiency.
   D) Education and experience.
Section B
Directions:	In this section, you will hear 3 short passage. At the end of each passage, you will hear some questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a questions. , you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A）,B）,C）and D）. Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.

注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答。

Passage One
Questions 26 to 29 are based on the passage you have just heard.
26．A）They care a lot about children.
　　B）They need looking after in their old age.
　　C）They want to enrich their life experience.
　　D）They want children to keep them company.
27. A. They are usually adopted from distant places.
   B.Their birth infromation is usually kept secret.
   C.Their birth parents often try to conceal their birth information.
   D.Their adoptive parents don't want them to know their birth parents.
28. A.They generally hold bad feelings towards their birth parents.
   B.They do not want to hurt the feelings of their adoptive parents.
   C.They have mixed feelings about finding their natural parents.
   D.They are fully aware of  the expenses involved in the search.
29. A.Early adoption makes for closer parent-child relationship.
   B.Most people prefer to adopt children from overseas.
   C.Understanding is the key to successful adoption.
　D.Adoption has much to do with love.
Passage Two
Questions 30 to 32 are based on the passage you have just heard.
30. A.He suffered from mental illness.
   B.He bought The washing on post.
   C.He turned a failing newspaper into a success.
   D.He was once a reporter for a major newspaper.
31. A.She was the first woman to lead a big U.S.publishing company.
   B.She got her first job as a teacher at the University of Chicago.
   C.She committed suicide because of her mental disorder.
   D.She took over her father's  position when he died.
32. A.People came to see the role of women in the business world.
　B.Katharine played a major part in reshaping Americans'mind.
　C.American media would be quite different without Katharine.
　D.Katharine had exerted an important influence on the world.
Passage Three
Questions 33 to 35 are based on the passage you have just heard.
33. A.It'll enable them to enjoy the best medical care.
   B.It'll allow them to receive free medical theatment.
   C.It'll protect them from possible financial crises.
   D.It'll preent the doctors from overcharging them.
34．A）They can't immediately get back the money paid for their medical cost.
	B）They have to go through very complicated application procedures.
	C）They can only visit doctors who speak their native languages.
	D）They may not be able to receive timely medical treatment.

35．A）They don't have to pay for the medical services.
	B）They needn't pay the entire medical bill at once.
	C）They must send the receipts to the insurance company promptly. 
	D）They have to pay a much higher price to get an insurance policy.

Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear a passage three times. When the passage is read for the first time, you should listen carefully for its general idea. When the passage is read for the second time, you are required to fill in the blanks numbered from 36 to 43 with the exact words you have just heard. For blanks numbered from 44 to 46 you are required to fill in the missing information. For these blanks, you can either use the exact words you have just heard or write down the main points in your own words. Finally, when the passage is read for the third time, you should check what you have written.

注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答。

	More and more of the word's population are living in towns or cities. The speed at which cities are growing in the less developed countries is（36）      . Between 1920 and 1960 big cities in developed countries（37）      two and a half times in size, but in other parts of the world the growth was eight times their size.
	They（38）      size of growth is bad enough, but there are now also very（39）      signs of trouble in the（40）      of percentages of people living in towns and percentages of people working in industry. During the nineteenth century cities grew as a result of the growth of industry. In Europe the（41）  of people living in cities was always smaller than that of the （42）  working in factories. Now, however, the（43）      is almost always true in the newly industrialized world:（44）                                                        .
	Without a base of people working in industry, these cities cannot pay for their growth;（45）
                                             . There has been little opportunity to build water supplies or other facilities. （46）                                              
              a growth in the number of hopeless and despairing parents and starving children.

Part Ⅳ Reading Comprehension (Reading in Depth) (25 minutes)
Section A

Directions: In this section．There is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.

Questions 47 to 56 are based on the following passage.

As war spreads to many comers of the globe, Children sadly have been drawn into the center of conflicts. In Afghanistan, Bosnia, and Colombia, however, groups of children have been taking part in peace education 47 .The children, after learning to resolve conflicts, took on the 48 of peacemakers. The Children's Movement for peacemakers was even nominated(提名) or the Nobel peace prize in 1998. Groups of children 49 is peacemakers studied human rights an poverty issues in Colombia, eventually forming a group with five other schools in Bogota known a The Schools of Peace.
The classroom 50 opportunities for children to replace angry, violent behaviors with 51 ,peaceful ones. It is in the classroom that caring and respect for each person empowers children to take a step 52 toward becoming peacemakers. Fortunately, educators have access to many online resources that are 53 useful when helping children along the path to peace. The Young Peacemakers Club, started in 1992, provides a Website with resources for teachers and 54 on staring a Kindness Campaign. The World Centers of Compassion for Children International call attention to children's rights and how to help the 55 of war. Starting a Peacemakers' Club  is a praiseworthy venture for a class an one that could spread to other classrooms an ideally affect the culture of the 56 school.
注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答。


A) acting				I) information
B) assuming			J) offers
C) comprehensive		K) projects
D) cooperative		L) respectively
E) entire				M) role
F) especially 		N) technology
G) forward				O) victims
H) images
Section B
Directions:  There are 2 passages in this section . Each passage is followed by some questions or unfinished statements. For each of them are four choices marked A), B), C) and D).You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.

Passage One 
Questions 57 to 61 are based on following passage.

By almost any measure , there is a boom in Internet-based instruction . In just a few years , 34 percent of American universities have begun offering some form of distance learning (DL), and among the larger schools , it's closer to 90 percent . If you doubt the popularity of the trend, you probably haven't . It enrolls 90,000 student , a statistic used to support its claim to be the largest private university in the country.
While the kinds of instruction offered in these programs will differ, DL usually signifies a course in which the instructions post syllabi(课程大纲), reading assignments , and schedules on Websites , and students send in their assignments by e-mail . Generally speaking , face-to-face communication with an instructor is minimized or eliminated altogether.
The attraction for students might at first seem obvious . Primarily , there's the convenience promised by courses on the Net: you can do the work, as they say , in your pajamas(睡衣). But figures indicate that the reduced effort results in a reduced commitment to the course . While dropout rates for all freshmen at American universities is around 20 percent , the rate for online students is 35 percent . Students themselves seem to understand the weaknesses inherent in the setup . In a survey conducted for eCornell , the DL division of Cornell University , less than a third of the respondents expected the quality of the online course to be as good as the classroom course.
Cleary form the schools perspective , there's a lot of money to be saved . Although some of the more ambitious programs require new investments in servers and networks to support collaborative software , most DL courses can run on existing or minimally upgraded(升级)systems . The more students who enroll in a course but don't come to campus , the more the school saves on keeping the lights on in the classrooms , paying doorkeepers , and maintaining parking lots , And there's evindence that instructors must work harder to run a DL course for a variety of reasons , won't be paid any more , and might well be paid less.

注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答。

57. What is the most striking feature of the University of Phoenix?
　　A) All its courses are offered online.
　　B) Its online courses are of the best quality.
　　C) It boasts the largest number of students on campus
　　D) Anyone taking its online courses is sure to get a degree.
   58．According to the passage , distance learning is basically characterized by_____
A) A considerable flexibility in its academic requirements
       B) The great diversity of students' academic backgrounds
       C) A minimum or total absence of face-to-face instruction
       D) t the casual relationship between students and professors
59. Many students take Internet -based courses mainly because they can_____
       A) Earn their academic degrees with much less effort
       B) Save a great deal on traveling and boarding expenses
       C) Select courses from various colleges and universities
D) Work on the required courses whenever and wherever
60. What accounts for the high drop-out rates for online students?
　　　A) There is no strict control over the academic standards of the courses.
　　　B) The evaluation system used by online universities is inherently weak.
　　　C) There is no mechanism to ensure that they make the required effort.
　　　D) Lack of classroom interaction reduces the effectiveness of instruction.
61. According to the passage, universities show great enthusiasm for DL programs for the purpose of_____
　　　A) building up their reputation        C) upgrading their teaching facilities
　　　B) cutting down on their expenses     D) providing convenience for students
　　　
Passage Two
Questions62 to 66 are based on the following passage.
In this age of Internet chat, videogames and reality television, there is no shortage of mindless activities to keep a child occupied. Yet, despite the competition, my 8-year-old daughter Rebecca wants to spend her leisure time writing short stories. She wants to enter one of her stories into a writing contest, a competition she won last yes.
As a writer I know about winning contest, and about losing them. I know what it is like to work hard on a story only to receive a rejection slip from the publisher. I also know the pressures of trying to live up to a reputation created by previous victories. What if she doesn't win the contest again? That's the strange thing about being a parent. So many of our own past scars and dashed hopes can surface.
A revelation（启示）came last week when I asked her, "Don't you want to win again?" "No," she replied, "I just want to tell the story of an angel going to first grade."
I had just spent weeks correcting her stories as she spontaneously（自由地）told them. Telling myself that I was merely an experienced writer guiding the young writer across the hall, I offered suggestions for characters, conflicts and endings for her tales. The story about a fearful angel starting first trade was quickly "guided" by me into the tale of a little girl with a wild imagination taking her fist music lesson. I had turned her contest into my contest without even realizing it.
　Staying back and giving kids space to grow is not as easy as it looks. Because I konw very little about farm animals who use tools or angels who go to first grade, I had to accept the fact that I was co-opting（借用）my daughter's experence.
   While stepping back was difficult for me, it was certainly a good first step that I will quickly follow with more steps, putting myself far enough away to give her room but close enough to help if asked. All the while I will be reminding myself that children need room to experiment, grow and find their own voices.
注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答。
62. What do we learn from the first paragraph?
   A) Children do find lots of fun in many mindless activites.
   B) Rebecca is much too occupied to enjoy her leisure time.
   C) Rebecca draws on a lot of online materials for her writing.
   D) A lot of distractions compete for children's time nowadays.
63. What did the author say about her own writing experience?
   A) She did not quite live up to her reputation as a writer.
   B) Her way to success was full of pains and frustrations.
   C) She was constantly under pressure of writing more.
   D) Most of her stories had been rejected by publishers.
64. Why did Rebecca want to enter this year's writing contest?
   A) She believed she possessed real talent for writing.
   B) She was sure of winning with her mother's help.
   C) She wanted to share her stories with readers.
   D) She had won a prize in the previous contest.
65. What's the author's advice for parents?
   A) A writing career, though attractive, is not for every child to pursue.
   B) Children should be allowed freedom to grow through experience.
   C) Parents should keep an eye on the activities their opinions.
Part V								Cloze						（15 minutes）
Directions:	There are 20 blanks in the following passage. For each blank there are four choices marked A），B）,C）and D）on the right side of the paper. You should choose the ONE that best fits into the passage. Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.

注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答。

	One factor that can influence consumers is 
their mood state. Mood may be defined   67  a 		67．A）as		C）by
temporary and mild positive or negative feeling 				B）about 	D）with
that is generalized and not tied   68  any particular		68．A）over		C）to
													B）under		D）up
circumstance. Moods should be  69  from 			69．A）derived	C）divided
													B）descended	Ddistinguished
emotions which are usually more intense,   70  to 		70．A）related	C）attached
specific circumstances, and often conscious. 				B）referred	D）associated
  71  one sense, the effect of a consumer's mood 		71．A）On		C）In
													B）Of		D）By
can be thought of in  72  the same way as can 			72．A）thus		C）even
													B）much		D）still
our reactions to the  73  of our friends-when our 		73．A）signal	C）view
friends are happy and "up", that tends to influence 			B）gesture	D）behavior
us positively,    74   when they are "down", that can 	74．A）for		C）unless
													B）but		D）provided
have a   75  impact on us. Similarly, consumers 		75．A）relative	C）negative
													B）decisive	D）sensitive
operating under a   76  mood state tend to react to 		76．A）given		C）fixed
													B）granted	D）driven
stimulate（刺激因素）in a direction  77  with that 		77．A）resistant	C）insistent
mood state. Thus, for example, we should expect 			B）persistent	D）consistent
to see  78  in a positive mood state evaluate 			78．A）consumer	C）retailers
													B）businessmen D）manufacturers
products in more of a   79  manner than they 			79．A）casual	C）serious
													B）critical	D）favorable
would when not in such a state,    80  mood states		80．A）However	C）Moreover
													B）Otherwise	D）Nevertheless
appear capable of  81   a consumer's meomory.     81. A) lifting			C) raising
                                                B) enhancing		D) cultivating
     Moods appear to be  81   influenced by mar-  82. A) readily		C) cautiously
keting techniques. For example, the rhythm, pitch,        B) rarely			D) currently
and   81   of music has been shown to influence    83. A) step			C) band
                                                B) speed			D) volume
Behavior such as the  81   of time spent in         84. A) extent			C) scope
                                                B) amount		D) range
Supermarkets or  81   to purchase products. In      85. A) facilities		C) reflections
Addition, advertising can influence consumers'          B) capacities		D) intensions
moods which, in  81  , are capable of influencing     86. A) turn			C) detail
consumers' reactions to products.                      B) total			D) depth
Part Ⅵ        Translation                    (5 minutes)
Directions: Cmplete the sentences by translating into English the Chinese given in brackets. Please write your translation on Answer Sheet 2.
注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答，只需写出译文部分。
87.                           （多亏了一系列的新发明），doctors can treat this disease 
Successfully.
88. In my sixties, one change I notice is that                          （我比以前更容易累了）.
89. I am going to purchase this course,                           （无论我要作出什么样的牺牲）.
90. I would prefer shopping online to shopping in a department store because                  
            （它更加方便和省时）.
91. Many Americans live on credit, and their quality of life                           （是用他们能够借到多少来衡量的），not how much they can earn.
      
1. B. in service training organizations

　　2. C. at an annual rate of 3.9 percent

　　3. B. 20%

　　4. D. They give them chances for international study or internship

　　5. A. Yale's collaboration with Fudan University on genetic research

　　6. C. It is intentionally created by Stanford University.

　　7. B. It has been unsteady for years.

　　8. changes in the visa process

　　9. take their knowledge and skills back home

　　10. strengthen the nation

　　听力

　　11. C) She was somewhat overweight

　　12. D) At a hotel reception

　　13. B) Having confidence in her son

　　14. A) Have a short break

　　15. D) He has been in perfect condition

　　16. B) She still keeps some old furniture in her new house

　　17. D) The woman forgot lending the book to the man

　　18. C) The man doesn't look like a sportsman

　　19. A)She has packed it in one of her bags.

　　20. C) It will last one week.   21. B) The taxi is waiting for them.
　　22. A) At home.             23. C) She is tired of her present work.
　 24. A) Translator.          25. D) Education and experience.
   26. A) They care a lot about children.  27. B) Their birth information is usually kept secret.
   28. C) They have mixed feelings about finding their natural parents.
　29. D) Adoption has much to do with love.
　30. B) He bought The Washington Post.
　31. A) She was the first woman to lead a big U.S publishing company.
　32. D) Katharine had exerted an important influence on the world.
　33. C) It'll protect them from possible financial crises.
　34. A) They can't immediately get back the money paid for their medical cost.
　35. B) They needn't pay the entire medical bill at once.
　　　36. alarming.　37. increased  38. sheer  　39. disturbing  　40. comparison
   　41. proportion  42. workforce  43. reverse
　　44. The percentage of people living in cities is much higher than the percentage working in industry.
　  45. There is not enough money to build adequate houses for the people that live there, let alone the new arrivals. 
　　46. So the figures for the growth of towns and cities represent proportional growth of unemployment and underemployment
　　　阅读
　　47. K. projects  　48. M. role  　49. A. acting  　50. J. offers  　51. D. cooperative
   52. G. forward  53. F. especially  54. I. Information  　55. O. victims   　56. E. entire.
   57. A. All its courses are offered online.
   58. C. a minimum or total absence of face-to-face instruction.
   59. D. work on the required courses whenever and wherever.
   60. C. There is no mechanism to ensure that they make the required effort.
   61. B. cutting down on their expenses.
　62. A. Children do find lots of fun in many mindless activities.
　63. B. Her way to success was full of pains and frustrations.
　64. C. She wanted to share her stories with readers.
　65. C. she wanted to help Rebecca realize her dream of becoming a writer.
　66. B. Children should be allowed freedom to grow through experience.
　完型67. A as　68. C to  　69. D distinguished  70. A related  71. C In  72. B much
　73. D behavior   74. B but  75. C negative  76. A given  　77. D consistent
　78. A consumers  79. D favorable  80. C Moreover  　81. B enhancing
　82. A readily  　83. D volume  84. B amount  85. D intentions  86. A turn



第 - 43 - 页 共 174 页




157




173


