2015年6月英语四级考试真题及答案(第3套)

Direction.s: For this part, you are allowed 30minutes to write an essay based on the picture below.You should start your essay with a briefdescription of the picture and then comment on parents' role in their children's growth. Youshould write at least 120 words but no more than 180 words.


Section A
Directions : In this section, you will hear 8 short conversations and 2 long conversations. Atthe end ofeach conversation, one or more questions will be asked about what was said. Boththeconversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After each question there will beapause. During the pause, you must read the four choices marked A, B, C. and D,and decidewhich is the best answer.Then mark the corresponding letter on AnswerSheet I with a singleline through the centre.

1.A. The woman is the manager's secretary.
B. The man found himself in a wrong place.
C. The man is the manager's business associate.
D. The woman was putting up a sign on the wall.
2.A. He needs more time for the report.
B. He needs help to interpret the data.
C. He is sorry not to have helped the woman.
D. He does not have sufficient data to go on.
3.A. A friend from New York.
B. A message from Tony.
C. A postal delivery.
D. A change in the weather.
4. A. She is not available until the end of next week.
B. She is not a reliable source of information.
C. She does not like taking exams.
D. She does not like psychology.
5. A. He will help the woman carry the suitcase.
B. The woman's watch is twenty minutes fast.
C. The woman shouldn't make such a big fuss.
D. There is no need for the woman to be in a hurry.
6.A. Mary is not so easygoing as her.
B. Mary and she have a lot in conmon.
C. She finds it hard to get along with Mary.
D. She does not believe what her neighborssaid.
7.A. At an information service.
B. At a car wash point.
C. At a repair shop.
D. At a dry cleaner's.
8. A. The woman came to the concert at the man's request.
B. The man is already fed up with playing the piano.
C. The piece of music the man played is very popular.
D. The man's unique talents are the envy of many people.

Questions 9 to 12 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
9. A. He has taught Spanish for a couple of years at a local school.
B. He worked at the Brownstone Company for several years.
C. He owned a small retail business in Michigan years ago.
D. He has been working part-time in a school near Detroit.
10. A. He prefers a full-time job with more responsibility.
B. He is eager to find a job with an increased salary.
C. He likes to work in a company close to home.
D. He would rather get a less demanding job.
11.A. Sports.
B. Travel.
C. Foreign languages.
D. Computer games.
12. A. When he is supposed to start work.
B. What responsibilities he would have.
C. When he will be informed about his application.
D. What career opportunities her company can offer.

Questions 13 to 15 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
13.A. She is pregnant.
B. She is over 50.
C. She has just finished her project.
D. She is a good saleswoman.
14.A. He takes good care of Lisa.
B. He is the CEO of a giant company.
C. He is good at business management.
D. He works as a sales manager.
15. A. It is in urgent need of further development.
B. It produces goods popular among local people.
C. It has been losing market share in recent years.
D. It is well positioned to compete with the giants.

Section B
　　Directions: In this section, you will hoar 3 short passages. At tho end of each passage, youwill hoar some questions. Both the passage and tho questions will be spoken only once. Afteryouhoar a question, you must choose tho best answer from the four choices marked A, B,C. andD. Then mark tho corresponding letter on Answer Sheet I with a single linethrough tho centre.

Passage One
Questions 16 to 19 are based on the passage you have just heard.
16.A. It is lined with tall trees.
B. It was widened recently.
C. It has high buildings on both sides.
D. It used to be dirty and disorderly.
17.A. They repaved it with rocks.
B. They built public restrooms on it.
C. They beautified it with plants.
D. They set up cooking facilities near it.
18.A. What makes life enjoyable.
B. How to work with tools.
C. What a community means.
D. How to improve health.
19. A. They were obliged to fulfill the signed contract.
B. They were encouraged by the city officials' praise.
C. They wanted to prove they were as capable as boys.
D. They derived happiness from the constructive work.

Passage Two
Questions 20 to 22 are based on the passage you have just heard.
20. A. The majority of them think it less important than computers:
B. Many of them consider it boring and old-fashioned.
C. The majority of them find it interesting.
D. Few of them read more than ten books a year.
21.A. Novels and stories.
B. Mysteries and detective stories.
C. History and science books.
D. Books on culture and tradition.
22.A. Watching TV.
B. Listening to music.
C. Reading magazines.
D. Playing computer games.

Passage Three
Questions 23 to 25 are based on the passage you have just heard.
23. A. Advice on the purchase of cars.
B. Information about the new green-fuel vehicles.
C. Trends for the development of the motor car.
D. Solutions to global fuel shortage.
24.A. Limited driving range.
B. Huge recharging expenses.
C. The short life of batteries.
D. The unaffordable high price.
25. A. They need to be further improved.
B. They can easily switch to natural gas.
C. They are more cost-effective than vehicles powered by solar energy.
D. They can match conventional motor cars in performance and safety.

Section C
　　Directions: In this section, you will hoar a passage three times. When tho passage is readfor tho first time, you should listen carefully for its general idea. When tho passage is read fortho second time, you are required to fill in tho blanks with tho exact words you have justhoard. Finally, when tho passage is read for tho third time, you should chock what you havewritten.

　　My favorite TV. show? "The Twilight Zone. " I（26）like the episode called "ThePrinter'sDevil. " It's about a newspaper editor who's being（27） out of business by a bignewspapersyndicate--you know, a group of papers（28）by the same people.He's aboutto（29）when he's interrupted by an old man who says his name is Smith. The editor is notonly offered $ 5,000 to pay off his newspaper's（30）, but this Smith character also offershisservices for free. It turns out that the guy operates the printing machine with amazingspeed, and soon he's turning out newspapers with31 The small paper is successful again. Theeditor is／（32）athow quickly Smith gets his stories--only minutes after they happen--butsoon he's presented with acontract to sign. Mr. Smith, it seems, is really the devil! The editor isfrightened by this news, but he is more frightened by the idea of losing his newspaper, so heagrees to sign. But soon Smith is（33）the news even before it happens--and it's all terrible--one disaster after another. Anyway, there is a little more to tell, but I don't want to（34）thestory for you. I really like these old episodes of "The Twilight Zone" because the stories arefascinating. They are not realistic. But then again, in a way they are, because they dealwith（35）．

　　Section A
　　Directions: In this sectinm, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage through carefully before making your choices.Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer Sheet2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once. Questions 36 to 45 are based on the following passage.

　　As a teacher, you could bring the community into your classroom in many ways. The parents and grandparents of your students are resources and（36）for their children. They can be（37）teachers of their own traditions and histories. Immigrant parents could talk about their country of（38）and why they emigrated to the United States. Parents can be invited to talk about their jobs or a community project. Parents, of course, are not the only community resources. Employees at local businesses and staff at community agencies have（39）information to share in classrooms. Field trips provide another opportunity to know the community. Many students don't have the opporttmity to（40）concerts or visit museums or historical sites except through field trips. A school district should have41for selecting and conducting field trips. Families must be made（42）of field trips and give permission for their children to participate. Through school projects, students can learn to be（43）in community projects ranging from planting trees to cleaning up a park to assisting elderly people. Students,（44）older ones, might conduct research on a community need that could lead to action by a city council or state government. Some schools require students to provide community service by（45）in a nursing home, child care center or government agency. These projects help students understand their responsibility to the larger community.

A. Assets 
B. Attend 
C. Aware 
D. especially 
E. Excellent 
F. Expensive 
G. guidelines
H. involved
I. joining
J. naturally
K. observe
L. origin
M. recruited
N. up-to-date
O. Volunteering

Section B
　　Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached toit. Each statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraphfrom which the information is derived.You may choose a paragraph more than once. Eachparagraph is marked with a letter.Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter onAnswer Sheet 2.

Reaping the Rewards of Risk-Taking
　　A. Since Steve Jobs resigned as chief executive of Apple, much has been said about himas a peerless business leader who has created immense wealth for shareholders, and guidedthe design of hit products that are transforming entire industries, like music and mobilecommunications.
　　B. All true, but let's think different, to borrow the Apple marketing slogan of years back.Let's look at Mr. Jobs as a role model.
　　C. Above all, he is an innovator (创新者). His creative force is seen in products such as theiPod, iPhone, and iPad, and in new business models for pricing and distributing music andmobile software online. Studies of innovation come to the same conclusion: you can'tengineer innovation, but you can increase the odds of it occurring. And Mr. Jobs' career can beviewed as a consistent pursuit of improving those odds, both for himself and the companies hehas led. Mr. Jobs, of course, has enjoyed singular success. But innovation, broadly defined,is the crucial ingredient in all economic progress--higher growth for nations, morecompetitive products for companies, and more prosperous careem for individuals. And Mr.Jobs, many experts say, exemplifies what works in the innovation game.
　　D. "We can look at and learn from Steve Jobs what the essence of American innovationis," says John Kao, an innovation consultant to corporations and governments. Many othernations, Mr. John Kao notes, axe now ahead of the United States in producing what areconsidered the raw materials of innovation. These include government financing for scientificresearch, national policies to support emerging industries, educational achievement,engineers and scientists graduated, even the speeds of Internet broadband service.
　　E. Yet what other nations typically lack, Mr. Kao adds, is a social environment thatencourages diversity, experimentation, risk-taking, and combining skills from many fieldsinto products that he calls "recombinant mash-ups (打碎重组)," like the iPhone, whichredefined the smartphone category. "The culture of other countries doesn't support the kind ofinnovation that Steve Jobs exemplifies, as America does," Mr. John Kao says.
　　F. Workers of every rank are told these days that wide-ranging curiosity and continuouslearning are vital to tturiving in the modern economy. Formal education matters, careercounselors say, but real- life experience is often even more valuable.
　　G. An adopted child, growing up in Silicon Valley, Mr. Jobs displayed those traits early on.He wasfascinated by electronics as a child, building Heathkit do-it-yourself projects, like radios.Mr. Jobs dropped out of Reed College after only a semester and traveled around India in searchof spiritual enlightenment, before returning to Silicon Valley to found Apple with his friend,Stephen Wozniak, an engineering wizard (奇才). Mr. Jobs was forced out of Apple in 1985, wentoff and founded two other companies, Next and Pixar, before returning to Apple in 1996 andbecoming chiefexecutive in 1997.
　　H. His path was unique, but innovation experts say the pattern of exploration is notunusual. "It's often people like Steve Jobs who can draw from a deep reservoir of diverseexperiences that often generate breakthrough ideas and insights," says Hal Gregersen, aprofessor at the European Institute of Business Administration.
　　I. Mr. Gregersen is a co-author of a new book, The Innovator's DNA, which is based on aneight-year study of 5,000 entrepreneurs (创业者. and executives worldwide. His twocollaborators and co- authors are Jeff Dyer, a professor at Brigham Young University, andClayton Christensen, a professor at the Harvard Business School, whose 1997 book TheInnovator's Dilemma popularized the concept of "disruptive ( 颠覆性的. innovation. "
　　J. The academics identify five traits that are common to the disruptive innovators:questioning, experimenting, observing, associating and networking. Their bundle ofcharacteristics echoes the ceaseless curiosity and willingness to take risks noted by otherexperts. Networking, Mr. Hal Gregersen explains, is less about career-building relationships thana consistent search for new ideas. Associating, he adds, is the ability to make idea-producingconnections by linking concepts from different disciplines.
　　K. "Innovators engage in these mental activities regularly," Mr. Gregersen says. "It's ahabit for them. " Innovative companies, according to the authors, typically enjoy highervaluations in thestock market, which they call an "innovation premium (溢价). " It iscalculated by estimating the share of a company's value that cannot be accounted for by itscurrent products and cash flow. The innovation premium tries to quantify ( 量化. investors'bets that a company will do even better in the future because of innovation.
　　L. Apple, by their calculations, had a 37 percent innovation premium during Mr. Jobs' firstterm withthe company. His years in exile resulted in a 31 percent innovation discount. Afterhis return, Applee's fortunes inmroved gradv at first, and imp)roved markedly starting in 2005,yielding a 52percent innovation premium since then.
　　M. There is no conclusive proof, but Mr. Hal Gregersen says it is unlikely that Mr. Jobscould havereshaped industries beyond computing, as he has done in his second term at Apple,without theexperience outside the company, especially at Pixar--the computer-animation (动画制作. studiothat created a string of critically and commercially successful movies, such as "ToyStory" and
　　N. Mr. Jobs suggested much the same thing during a commencement address to thegraduating class atStanford University in 2005. "It turned out that getting fired from Apple wasthe best thing thatcould have ever happened to me," he told the students. Mr. Jobs also spokeof perseverance ( 坚持. and will power. "Sometimes life hits you in the head with a brick," hesaid. "Don't losefaith. "
　　O. Mr. Jobs ended his commencement talk with a call to innovation, both in one's choiceof work andin one's life.Be curious, experiment, take risks, he said to the students.His advicewasemphasized by the words on the back of the final edition of The Whole Earth Catalog, whichhequoted: "Stay hungry. Stay foolish. " "And," Mr. Jobs said, "I have always wished thatformyself. And now, as you graduate to begin anew, I wish that for you. "

46. Steve Jobs called on Stanford graduates to innovate in his commencement address.
47. Steve Jobs considered himself lucky to have been fired once by Apple.
48. Steve Jobs once used computers to make movies that were commercial hits.
49. Many governments have done more than the US government in providing the raw materialsfor innovation.
50. Great innovators are good at connecting concepts from various academic fields.
51. Innovation is vital to driving economic progress.
52. America has a social environment that is particularly favorable to innovation.
53. Innovative ideas often come from diverse experiences.
54. Real-life experience is often more important than formal education for career success.
55. Apple's fortunes suffered from an innovation discount during Jobs' absence.

　　Section C
　　Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questionsorunfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A, B, C. and D ). Youshould decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on AnswerSheet 2 with asingle line through the centre.

　　Passage One
　　Questions 56 to 60 are based on the following passage.
　　Junk food is everywhere. We're eating way too much of it. Most of us know what we're doingandyet we do it anyway.So here's a suggestion offered by two researchers at the RandCorporation: Why not take a lessonfrom alcohol control policies and apply them to where foodis sold and how it's displayed?"Many policy measures to control obesity (肥胖症. assume thatpeople consciously and rationallychoose what and how much they eat and therefore focus onproviding information and more access tohealthier foods," note the two researchers. "Incontrast," the researchers continue, "many regulations that don't assume people makerationalchoices have been successfully applied to control alcohol, a substance--like food--ofwhichimmoderate consumption leads to serious health problems. " The research referencesstudies of people's behavior with food and alcohol and results of alcoholrestrictions, and thenlists five regulations that the researchers think might be pronfising if applied tojunk foods.Among them: Density restrictions: licenses to sell alcohol aren't handed out unplanned to allcomers but areallotted (分配. based on the number of places in an area that already sellalcohol. These make alcoholless easy to get and reduce the number of psychological cues todrink. Similarly, the researchers say, being presented with junk food stimulates our desire toeat it. Sowhy not limit the density of food outlets, particularly ones that sell food rich in emptycalories? Andwhy not limit sale of food in places that aren't primarily food stores? Display andsales restrictions: California has a rule prohibiting alcohol displays near the cashregisters in gasstations, and in most places you can't buy alcohol at drive-through facilities. Atsupermarkets,food companies pay to have their wares in places where they're easily seen. One couldremovejunk food to the back of the store and ban them from the shelves at checkout lines. Theothermeasures include restricting portion sizes, taxing and prohibiting special price deals forjunk foods, andplacing warning labels on the products.

56. What does the author say about junk food?
A. People should be educated not to eat too much.
B. It is widely consumed despite its ill reputation.
C. Its temptation is too strong for people to resist.
D. It causes more harm than is generally realized.
57. What do the Rand researchers think of many of the policy measures to control obesity?
A. They should be implemented effectively.
B. They provide misleading information.
C. They are based on wrong assumptions.
D. They help people make rational choices.
58. Why do policymakers of alcohol control place density restrictions?
A. Few people are able to resist alcohol's temptations.
B. There are already too many stores selling alcohol.
C. Drinldng strong alcohol can cause social problems.
D. Easy access leads to customers' over-consumption~
59. What is the purpose of California's rule about alcohol display in gas stations?
A. To effectively limit the density of alcohol outlets.
B. To help drivers to give up the habit of drinking.
C. To prevent possible traffic jams in nearby areas.
D. To get alcohol out of drivers' immediate sight.
60. What is the general guideline the Rand researchers suggest about junk food control?
A. Guiding people to make rational choices about food.
B. Enhancing people's awareness of their own health.
C. Borrowing ideas from alcohol control measures.
D. Resorting to economic, legal and psychological means.

　　Passage Two
　　Questions 61 to 65 are based on the following passage.
　　Kodak's decision to file for bankruptcy (破产. protection is a sad, though notunexpected, turningpoint for a leading American corporation that pioneered consumerphotography and dominated the filmmarket for decades, but ultimately failed to adapt to thedigital revolution. Although many attribute Kodak's downfall to "complacency ( 自满 )," thatexplanation doesn'tacknowledge the lengths to which the company went to reinvent itself.Decades ago, Kodak anticipatedthat digital photography would overtake film--and in fact,Kodak invented the first digital camera in1975--but in a fateful decision, the company chose toshelf its new discovery to focus on its traditionalfilm business. It wasn't that Kodak was blind tothe future, said Rebecca Henderson, a professor at HarvardBusiness School, but rather that itfailed to execute on a strategy to confront it. By the time thecompany realized its mistake, itwas too late.Kodak is an example of a firm that was very much aware that they had to adapt,and spent a lot ofmoney trying to do so, but ultimately failed. 　　Large companies have adifficult time switching to newmarkets because there is a temptation to put existing assets intothe new businesses.
　　Although Kodak anticipated the inevitable rise of digital photography, its corporate
culture was too rooted in the successes of the past for it to make the clean break necessary tofullyembrace the future. They were a company stuck in time. Their history was so important tothem. Nowtheir history has become a liability.Kodak's downfall over the last several decadeswas dramatic. In 1976, the company commanded90% of the market for photographic film and85% of the market for cameras. But the 1980s broughtnew competition from Japanese filmcompany Fuji Photo, which undermined Kodak by offering lowerprices for film and photosupplies. Kodak's decision not to pursue the role of official film for the 1984Los AngelesOlympics was a major miscalculation. The bid went instead to Fuji, which exploiteditssponsorship to win a permanent foothold in the marketplace.

61. What do we learn about Kodak?
A. It went bankrupt all of a sudden.
B. It is approaching its downfall.
C. It initiated the digital revolution in the film industry.
D. It is playing the dominant role in the film market.
62. Why does the author mention Kodak's Invention of the first digital camera?
A. To show its early attempt to reinvent itself.
B. To show its effort to overcome complacency.
C. To show its quick adaptation to the digital revolution.
D. To show its will to compete with Japan's Fuji Photo.
63. Why do large companies have difficulty switching to new markets?
A. They find it costly to give up their existing assets.
B. They tend to be slow in confronting new challenges.
C. They are unwilling to invest in new technology.
D. They are deeply stuck in their glorious past.
64. What does the author say Kodak's history has become?
A. A burden.
B. A mirror.
C. A joke.
D. A challenge.
65. What was Kodak's fatal mistake?
A. Its blind faith in traditional photography.
B. Its failure to see Fuji Photo's emergence.
C. Its refusal to sponsor the 1984 Olympics.
D. Its overconfidence in its corporate culture.

　　Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English. You should write your answer onAnswer Sheet 2.

在西方人心目中，和中国联系最为密切的基本食物是大米。长期以来，大米在中国人的饮食中占据很重要的地位，以至于有谚语说"巧妇难为无米之炊"。中国南方大多种植水稻，人们通常以大米为主食；而华北大部分地区因为过于寒冷或过于干燥，无法种植水稻，那里的主要作物是小麦。在中国，有些人用面粉做面包，但大多数人用面粉做馒头和面条。

参考答案
    1-8 BACBDADC
　　9-12 BABC
　　13-15 ADA
　　16-19 DCBD
　　20-22 CAB
　　23-25 CAD

　　26. especiallyc
　　27. driven
　　28. owned
　　29.commitsuicide
　　30. debts
　　31.shockingheadlinesc
　　32. amazed
　　33. reporting
　　34.trill
　　35. human nature

　　36.A. Aassets
　　37. E. excellent
　　38. L. origin
　　39. N. up-to-dateo
　　40. B. attend
　　41. G. guidelines
　　42. C. awareo
　　43. H. involved
　　44. D. especially
　　45. O.volunteering

　　46-55 ONMDJ CEHFL
　　56-60 BCDDC　61-65 BADAC
翻译参考译文：
　新东方在线 冀希老师
　　China is one of the oldest cultures in the world, from which much that constructs the foundation of the modern world is derived. China is witnessing the fastest development ofits economy and experiencing a new industrial revolution. Also, China has started the ambitious program forexploring the outer space, including to complete a space station by2020. Currently, being one of the largest exporters in the world,China is attracting massive foreign investment. Simultaneously, it has invested billions of dollars overseas. In 2011, China surpassed Japan as the world's second-largesteconomy.
　　解析：前两句话都是简单句，抓住共同点China,可以用定从合并在一起;
　　第三句两个简单句并列;
　　第四句注意2020是将来时间，非谓语应采取to do 形式，如果用谓语要用将来完成时;
　　第五句简单句并列，为避免单调，可以采取非谓语结构
　　第六、第七句简单句
　　最后，新东方在线四、六级教研、辅导团队预祝大家考试顺利，一次通关。更多四六级真题及参考答案，请关注新东方在线官方网站。
　　
【翻译2原文】
　　在西方人心目中，和中国联系最为密切的基本食物是大米。长期以来，大米在中国人的饮食中占据很重要的地位，以至于有谚语说"巧妇难为无米之炊"。中国南方大多种植水稻，人们通常以大米为主食;而华北大部分地区由于过于寒冷或过于干燥无法种植水稻，那里的主要作物是小麦。在中国，有些人用面粉做面包，但大多数人用面粉做馒头和面条。
　　翻译参考译文：
　　In the eyes of the western, the basic food closest to China isrice. Rice has long occupied so significant a position in the dietof Chinese that there is a proverb " Even a clever housewife cannotcook a meal without rice". Rice is grown mostly in southern Chinawhere people usually take rice as their staple food, while itcannot be planted in northern China where the climate is either toocold or too dry for rice to grow. As a result, the main crop in thenorth is wheat. In China, flour is sometimes the main ingredientfor bread but more often used to make buns and noodles。
　　第一句，简单句;第二句如此以至于结构"so... that..."注意so的用法，直接接adj. 或adv。第三句南北对比，可以用while或whereas连接，最后一句也是对比句，主语people是比较泛的大主语，考虑改写为被动句。

