作文范文
　　破题思路：
　　第一段：话题描述。
　　第二段：表明观点+阐述原因。
　　第三段：观点结论。
　　参考范文：
　　Stated-owned business or Joint venture
　　Upon graduation, virtually all college students will confront the problem of the career choice，which is truly a tough choice. Students' opinions differ greatly on this issue. Some hold that there is no better way to get a decent job than working in a stated-owned business which will guarantee my life after retirement, but others take the attitude that a joint venture outweighs any other jobs as it may provide higher income for employees.
　　As to myself, I prefer the latter view. A joint venture, especially a high-salary joint venture, exerts a tremendous fascination on a great number of people, with no exception to me. Although it might be impossible to make sure my retirement pension is good enough, high-salary is exactly what I need just now. In my view, our career choices largely depend on where we want to stay for the rest of life. For me, metropolis is the place where I can grasp loads of opportunities and achieve my personal dreams. As I hold the view that live in the moment, not the future, and also in order to finance myself in some aspects such as the transportation, the house-renting, or social activities, a joint venture can satisfy my needs for the consumption I mentioned above.
　　In short, a joint venture is the first and only consideration in my choice of career.



阅读理解
(26)A absorb    (27)C contribute    (28)K level    (29)G explore
(30)M picture   (31)O voyage        (32)B combined  (33)E emission
(34)D depth     (35)N unsure
参考解析
　　文章第一句讲到海洋正在升温，不难推断出第26题应该是选absorb，absorb为吸收的意思。
　　be known to do sth, 由此可知第27题应该选动词原形，再根据后面的to, 故将答案锁定为contribute，contribute... to...意思为是......的原因，有助于;为......做贡献;为......捐款;为......撰稿。
　　raising...为结果状语从句，意为导致了海平面的上升，故此空的答案为levels。
　　该句的前半句意思是海洋的表层(顶部)被研究得较为透彻，考生要谨记在做完形填空时，要做到上下文的对应，比对一下就可得知该空应该选择study的近义词，通观所有的选项， 故选explore。
　　研究者搜集了150年的海洋温度数据， 目的是要清晰地比对现在与过去的变化趋势， 故不难推测出要做图来进行比对， 因此该空的答案为picture。
　　31空后面有naval ships这样的字眼，故能联想到该空应该与ships有关，因此该空的答案为voyage。
　　能与介词with搭配的形容词，通观所有的选项，只有combined，combined with意为结合， 该短语在句中做插入语。
　　Fossil fuel为矿物燃料，燃烧矿物燃料排放出的废气会导致温室效应， 故该空应该选择emissions。
　　More than 700 meters是一个长度，再看前文，亦有提示----its depths, 故该空的答案为depth，at a depth of...意为在......的深度。
　　35空应填入一个形容词， 再结合后面的宾语从句的引导词whether， 故将答案锁定为unsure， 要注意sure和unsure的宾语从句的引导词是不同的， sure的宾语从句引导词为that， unsure的宾语从句的引导词为whether， 类似的词语还有doubt，考生要注意区分。

