2016年6月英语四级考试真题及答案(第1套)

Part I Writing (30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30minutes to write a letter to express your thanks toone of your friends who helped you most when youwere in difficulty. You should write at least 120 words but no more than 180 words.

注意：此部分试题在答题卡1上




Part II Listening Comprehension (30 minutes)
Section A 
Directions： In this section， you will hear threenews reports。 At the end of each news report， you will hear two or three questions。 Both thenews report and the questions will be spoken only once。 After you hear a question， you mustchoose the best answer from the four choices marked A）， B）， C） and D）。 Then mark thecorresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre。
Drections:Questions 1 and 2 are based on the news report you have just heard.
注意：此部分试题请在答题卡1上作答。
Questions 1
A) The International Labour Organization's key objective.
B) The basic social protection for the most vulnerable.
C) Rising unemployment worldwide.
D) Global economic recovery.
Questions 2
A) Many countries have not taken measures to create enough jobs.
B) Few countries know how to address the current economic crisis.
C) Few countries have realised the seriousness of the current crisis.
D) Many countries need support to improve their people's livelihood.
Drections:Questions 3 and 4 are based on the news report you have just heard.
Question 3
A) Serve standardised food nationwide.
B) Put calorie information on the menu.
C) Increase protein content in the food.
D) Offer convenient food to customers.
Question 4
A) They will be fined.
B) They will be closed.
C) They will get a warning.
D) They will lose customers.
Question 5
A) Inability to implement their business plans.
B) Inability to keep turning out novel products.
C) Lack of a successful business model of their own.
D) Failure to integrate innovation into their business.
Question 6
A) It is the secret to business success.
B) It is the creation of something new.
C) It is a magic tool to bring big rewards.
D) It is an essential part of business culture.
Question 7
A) Its hardworking employees.
B) Its flexible promotion strategy.
C) Its innovation culture.
D) Its willingness to make investments.
Section B 
Directions： In this section， you will hear two long conversations。 At the end of eachconversations you will hear four questions。 Both the conversations and the question-s will bespoken only once。 After you hear a question。 You must choose the best answer from the fourchoices marked A），B），C）and D）。 Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1with a single line through the centre。
Drections: Questions 8 to 11 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
注意：此部分试题请在答题卡1上作答。
Question 8
A) He's got addicted to technology.
B) He is not very good at socializing.
C) He is crazy about text-messaging.
D) He does not talk long on the phone.
Question 9
A) Talk big.
B) Talk at length.
C) Gossip a lot.
D) Forget herself.
Question 10
A) He thought it was cool.
B) He needed the practice.
C) He wanted to stay connected with them.
D) He had an urgent message to send.
Question 11
11. A) It poses a challenge to seniors.
B) It saves both time and money.
C) It is childish and unprofessional.
D) It is cool and convenient.
Drections: Questions 12 to 15 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
Question 12
A) He wants to change his job assignment.
B) He is unhappy with his department manager.
C) He thinks he deserves extra pay for overtime.
D) He is often singled out for criticism by his boss.
Question 13
A) His workload was much too heavy.
B) His immediate boss did not trust him.
C) His colleagues often refused to cooperate.
D) His salary was too low for his responsibility.
Question 14
A) He never knows how to refuse.
B) He is always ready to help others.
C) His boss has a lot of trust in him.
D) His boss has no sense of fairness.
Question 15
A) Put all his complaints in writing.
B) Wait and see what happens next.
C) Learn to say no when necessary.
D) Talk to his boss in person first.
Section C
Directions： In this section， you will hear three passages。 At the end of each passage， youwill hear three or four questions。 Both the passage and the questions will be spoken onlyonce。 After you hear a question， you must choose the best answer from the four choicesmarked A），B），C）and D）。Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with asingle line through the centre。
Drections: Questions 16 to 18 are based on the passage you have just heard.
注意：此部分试题请在答题卡1上作答。
Question 16
A) The importance of sleep to a healthy life.
B) Reasons for Americans' decline in sleep.
C) Some tips to improve the quality of sleep.
D) Diseases associated with lack of sleep.
Question 17
A) They are more health-conscious.
B) They are changing their living habits.
C) They get less and less sleep.
D) They know the dangers of lack of sleep.
Question 18
A) Their weight will go down.
B) Their mind function will deteriorate.
C) Their work efficiency will decrease.
D) Their blood pressure will rise.
Drections: Questions 19 to 21 are based on the passage you have just heard.
Question 19
A) How much you can afford to pay.
B) What course you are going to choose.
C) Which university you are going to apply to.
D) When you are going to submit your application.
Question 20
A) The list of courses studied.
B) The full record of scores.
C) The references from teachers.
D) The personal statement.
Question 21
A) Specify what they would like to do after graduation.
B) Describe in detail how much they would enjoy studying.
C) Indicate they have reflected and thought about the subject.
D) Emphasize that they admire the professors in the university.
Drections: Questions 22 to 25 are based on the passage you have just heard.
Question 22
A) It was equipped with rubber tyres.
B) It was built in the late 19th century.
C) It was purchased by the Royal family.
D) It was designed by an English engineer.
Question 23
A) They consumed lots of petrol.
B) They took two passengers only.
C) They were difficult to drive.
D) They often broke down.
Question 24
A) They were produced on the assembly line.
B) They were built with less costly materials.
C) They were modeled after British cars.
D) They were made for ordinary use.
Question 25
A) It made news all over the world.
B) It was built for the Royal family.
C) It marked a new era in motor travel.
D) It attracted large numbers of motorists.

Part III Reading Comprehension (40 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, there is a passage withten blanks. You are required to select one word foreach blank from a list of choices given in a word bankfollowing the passage. Read the passage through carefully before making your choices. Eachchoice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter on AnswerSheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bankmore than once.

Questions 26 to 35 are based on the following passage.
Signs barring cell-phone use are a familiar sight to anyone who has ever sat in a hospitalwaiting room. But the __26__ popularity of electronic medical records has forced hospital-based doctors to become __27__ on computers throughout the day, and desktops-which keepdoctors from bedsides- are __28__ giving way to wireless devices.
As clerical loads increased, "something had to __29__ , and that was always face time withpatients," says Dr. Bhakti Patel, a former chief resident in the University of Chicago's internal-medicine program. In fall 2010, she helped __30__ a pilot project in Chicago to see if the iPadcould improve working conditions and patient care. The experiment was so __31__ that allinternal-medicine residents at the university now get iPads when they begin the program.Johns Hopkins, internal-medicine program adopted the same __32__ in 2011. Medical schoolsat Yale and Stanford now have paperless, iPad-based curriculums. "You'll want an iPad just soyou can wear this" is the slogan for one of the new lab coats __33__ with large pockets toaccommodate tablet computers.
A study of the University of Chicago iPad project found that patients got tests and __34__faster if they were cared for by iPad-equipped residents. Many patients also __35__ a betterunderstanding of the illnesses that landed them in the hospital in the first place.

A.dependent B.designed C.fast D.flying E.gained F.give G.growing H.launch I.policy J.prospectK.rather L.reliable M.signal N.successful O.treatments

Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it.Each statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs Identify the paragraphfrom which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Eachparagraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter onAnswer Sheet 2.
[A] Is it possible to enjoy a peaceful life in a world that is increasingly challenged by threatsand uncertainties from wars, terrorism, economic crises and a widespread outbreak ofinfectious diseases? The answer is yes, according to a new book The 10 Golden Rules: AncientWisdom from the Greek Philosophers on Living a Good Life. The book is co-authored by LongIsland University's philosophy professor Michael Soupios and economics professor PanosMourdoukoutas.
[B] The wisdom of the ancient Greek philosophers is timeless, says Soupios. The philosophyprofessor says it is as relevant today as when it was first written centuries ago. "There is noexpiration (失效)date on wisdom," he says. "There is no shelf life on intelligence. I think thatthings have become very gloomy these days, lots of misunderstanding, misleading cues, alot of what the ancients would have called sophistry (诡辩). The nice thing about ancientphilosophy as offered by the Greeks is that they tended to see life clear and whole, in a way thatwe tend not to see life today."
Examine your life
[C] Soupios, along with his co-author Panos Mourdoukoutas, developed their 10 golden rules byturning to the men behind that philosophy-Aristotle, Socrates, Epictetus and Pythagoras,among others. The first rule-examine your life-is the common thread that runs through theentire book. Soupios says that it is based on Plato's observation that the unexamined life isnot worth living. "The Greeks are always concerned about boxing themselves in, in terms ofconvictions (信念)," he says. "So take a step back, switch off the automatic pilot and actuallystop and reflect about things like our priorities, our values, and our relationships."
Stop worrying about what you can not control
[D] As we begin to examine our life, Soupios says, we come to Rule No. 2: Worry only aboutthings that you can control. "The individual who promoted this idea was a Stoic philosopher.His name is Epictetus," he says. "And what the Stoics say in general is simply this: There is alarger plan in life. You are not really going to be able to understand all of the dimensions ofthis plan. You are not going to be able to control the dimensions of this plan."
[E] So, Soupios explains, it is not worth it to waste our physical, intellectual and spiritualenergy worrying about things that are beyond our control. "I can not control whether or not Iwind up getting the disease swine flu, for example," he says. "I mean, there are somecautious steps I can take, but ultimately I can not guarantee myself that. So what Epictetuswould say is sitting at home worrying about that would be wrong and wasteful and irrational.You should live your life attempting to identify and control those things which you cangenuinely control."
Seek true pleasure
[F] To have a meaningful, happy life we need friends. But according to Aristotle-a student ofPlato and teacher of Alexander the Great-most relationships don't qualify as true friendships. "Just because I have a business relationship with an individual and I can profit from thatrelationship, it does not necessarily mean that this person is my friend," Soupios says. "Realfriendship is when two individuals share the same soul. It is a beautiful and uncharacteristicallypoetic image that Aristotle offers."
[G] In our pursuit of the good life, he says, it is important to seek out true pleasures-advicewhich was originally offered by Epicurus. But unlike the modern definition of Epicureanism as alife of indulgence (放纵) and luxury, for the ancient Greeks, it meant finding a state of calm,peace and mental ease.
[H] "This was the highest and most desirable form of pleasure and happiness for the ancientEpicureans," Soupios says. "This is something that is very much well-worth considering here inthe modern era. I do not think that we spend nearly enough time trying to concentrate onachieving a sort of calmness, a sort of contentment in a mental and spiritual way, whichwas identified by these people as the highest form of happiness and pleasure."
Do good to others
[I] Other Golden Rules counsel us to master ourselves, to avoid excess and not to be aprosperous (发迹的) fool. There are also rules dealing with interpersonal relationships: Be aresponsible human being and do not do evil things to others.
[J] "This is Hesiod, of course, a younger contemporary poet, we believe, with Homer," Soupiossays. "Hesiod offers an idea-which you very often find in some of the world's great religions, inthe Judeo-Christian tradition and in Islam and others-that in some sense, when you hurtanother human being, you hurt yourself. That damaging other people in your community andin your life, trashing relationships, results in a kind of self-inflicted (自己招致的) spiritualwound."
[K] Instead, Soupios says, ancient wisdom urges us to do good. Golden Rule No. 10 for a goodlife is that kindness toward others tends to be rewarded.
[L] "This is Aesop, the fabulist (寓言家), the man of these charming little tales, often told interms of animals and animal relationships," he says. "I think what Aesop was suggesting is thatwhen you offer a good turn to another human being, one can hope that that good deed willcome back and sort of pay a profit to you, the doer of the good deed. Even if there is noconcrete benefit paid in response to your good deed, at the very least, the doer of the gooddeed has the opportunity to enjoy a kind of spiritually enlightened moment.
[M] Soupios says following the 10 Golden Rules based on ancient wisdom can guide us to thepath of the good life where we stop living as onlookers and become engaged and happierhuman beings. And that, he notes, is a life worth living.
注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答。

36. According to an ancient Greek philosopher, it is impossible for us to understand everyaspect of our life.
37. Ancient philosophers saw life in a different light from people of today.
38. Not all your business partners are your soul mates.
39. We can live a peaceful life despite the various challenges of the modern world.
40. The doer of a good deed can feel spiritually rewarded even when they gain no concretebenefits.
41. How to achieve mental calmness and contentment is well worth our considerationtoday.
42. Michael Soupios suggests that we should stop and think carefully about our priorities in life.
43. Ancient philosophers strongly advise that we do good.
44. The wise teachings of ancient Greek thinkers are timeless, and are applicable tocontemporary life.
45. Do harm to others and you do harm to yourself.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear a passage three times. When the passage is read forthe first time，you should listen carefully for its general idea.When the passage is read for thesecond time，you are required to fill in the blanks with the exact words you have just heard.Finally，when the passage is read for the third time，you should check what you have written.
　　注意：此部分试题请在答题卡1上作答。
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.

Attitudes toward new technologies often fall along generational lines. That is, generally, youngerpeople tend to outnumber older people on the front end of a technological shift.
It is not always the case, though. When you look at attitudes toward driverless cars, theredoesn't seem to be a clear generational divide. The public overall is split on whether they'dlike to use a driverless car. In a study last year, of all people surveyed, 48 percent said theywanted to ride in one, while 50 percent did not.
The fact that attitudes toward self-driving cars appear to be so steady across generationssuggests how transformative the shift to driverless cars could be. Not everyone wants adriverless car now-and no one can get one yet-but among those who are open to them, everyage group is similarly engaged.
Actually, this isn't surprising. Whereas older generations are sometimes reluctant to adoptnew technologies, driverless cars promise real value to these age groups in particular. Olderadults, especially those with limited mobility or difficulty driving on their own, are one of theclassic use-cases for driverless cars.
This is especially interesting when you consider that younger people are generally moreinterested in travel-related technologies than older ones.
When it comes to driverless cars, differences in attitude are more pronounced based on factorsnot related to age. College graduates, for example, are particularly interested in driverless carscompared with those who have less education: 59 percent of college graduates said they wouldlike to use a driverless car compared with 38 percent of those with a high-school diploma orless.
Where a person lives matters, too. More people who lived in cities and suburbs said they wantedto try driverless cars than those who lived in rural areas.
While there's reason to believe that interest in self-driving cars is going up across the board, aperson's age will have little to do with how self-driving cars can become mainstream. Oncedriverless cars are actually available for sale, the early adopters will be the people who canafford to buy them.
46. What happens when a new technology emerges?
A) It farther widens the gap between the old and the young.
B) It often leads to innovations in other related fields.
C) It contributes greatly to the advance of society as a whole.
D) It usually draws different reactions from different age groups.
47. What does the author say about the driverless car?
A) It does not seem to create a generational divide.
B) It will not necessarily reduce road accidents.
C) It may start a revolution in the car industry.
D) It has given rise to unrealistic expectations.
48. Why does the driverless car appeal to some old people?
A) It saves their energy.
B) It helps with their mobility.
C) It adds to the safety of their travel.
D) It stirs up their interest in life.
49. What is likely to affect one's attitude toward the driverless car?
A) The location of their residence.
B) The field of their special interest.
C) The amount of training they received.
D) The length of their driving experience.
50. Who are likely to be the first to buy the driverless car?
A) The seniors.
B) The educated.
C) The wealthy.
D) The tech fans.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.

In agrarian (农业的), pre-industrial Europe, "you'd want to wake up early, start working withthe sunrise, have a break to have the largest meal, and then you'd go back to work," says KenAlbala, a professor of history at the University of the Pacific. "Later, at 5 or 6, you'd have asmaller supper."
This comfortable cycle, in which the rhythms of the day helped shape the rhythms of the meals,gave rise to the custom of the large midday meal, eaten with the extended family. "Meals arethe foundation of the family," says Carole Counihan, a professor at Millersville University inPennsylvania, "so there was a very important interconnection between eating together" andstrengthening family ties.
Since industrialization, maintaining such a slow cultural metabolism has been much harder,with the long midday meal shrinking to whatever could be stuffed into a lunch bucket orbought at a food stand. Certainly, there were benefits. Modern techniques for producing andshipping food led to greater variety and quantity, including a tremendous increase in theamount of animal protein and dairy products available, making us more vigorous than ourancestors.
Yet plenty has been lost too, even in cultures that still live to eat. Take Italy. It's no secret thatthe Mediterranean diet is healthy, but it was also a joy to prepare and eat. Italians, saysCounihan, traditionally began the day with a small meal. The big meal came at around 1 p.m.In between the midday meal and a late, smaller dinner came a small snack. Today, when timezones have less and less meaning, there is little tolerance for offices' closing for lunch, andworsening traffic in cities means workers can't make it home and back fast enough anyway. Sothe formerly small supper after sundown becomes the big meal of the day, the only one atwhich the family has a chance to get together. "The evening meal carries the full burden thatused to be spread over two meals," says Counihan.
51. What do we learn from the passage about people in pre-industrial Europe?
A) They had to work from early morning till late at night.
B) They were so busy working that they only ate simple meals.
C) Their daily routine followed the rhythm of the natural cycle.
D) Their life was much more comfortable than that of today.
52. What does Professor Carole Counihan say about pre-industrial European families eatingmeals together?
A) It was helpful to maintaining a nation's tradition.
B) It brought family members closer to each other.
C) It was characteristic of the agrarian culture.
D) It enabled families to save a lot of money.
53. What does "cultural metabolism" (Line 1, Para.3) refer to?
A) Evolutionary adaptation.
B) Changes in lifestyle.
C) Social progress.
D) Pace of life.
54. What does the author think of the food people eat today?
A) Its quality is usually guaranteed.
B) It is varied, abundant and nutritious.
C) It is more costly than what our ancestors ate.
D) Its production depends too much on technology.
55. What does the author say about Italians of the old days?
A) They enjoyed cooking as well as eating.
B) They ate a big dinner late in the evening.
C) They ate three meals regularly every day.
D) They were expert at cooking meals.

Part Ⅳ Translation (30 minutes)

Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30minutes to translate a passage from Chinese intoEnglish. You should write your answer on AnswerSheet 2.

在山东省潍坊市，风筝不仅仅是玩具，而且还是这座城市文化的标志。潍坊以"风筝之都"而闻名，已有将近 2,400 年放飞风筝的历史。传说中国古代哲学家墨子用了三年时间在潍坊制作了世界上首个风筝，但放飞的第一天风筝就坠落并摔坏了。也有人相信风筝是中国古代木匠鲁班发明的。据说他的风筝用木头和竹子制作，飞了三天后才落地。

注意：此部分试题请在答题卡2上作答。



2016年6月四级部分真题参考答案(完整版)

Part Ⅰ Writing

Dear Li Lei,
I am writing this letter to express my sincere thanks to you for your timely encouragementand kind assistance during the most difficult period in my life. It is deeply appreciated.
Academic study in the university was quite demanding and painstaking. I found myselfencountering various challenges in many important subjects. I was overwhelmed by a varietyof assignments, exams and deadlines. Feeling greatly stressed, I even thought of giving up. It'syou, my friend, who keep moving and trying, served as a role model to me. It's you, my friend,who always supported and helped me deal with all my struggles and get back on track in mytimes of weakness. Thank you for always staying by my side.
You'll never know how much your help means to me. Your undying support brings hope to mylife and your never-say-quit spirit inspires me to stick to my dreams. Words fail to extend mygratitude. It is such a blessing to have you in my life.
May our friendship last forever.
Sincerely yours,
Han Meimei

Part Ⅱ Listening Comprehension
1-7：CABADBC
8-11：DBAC
12-15：BACD
16-18：ACD
19-21：BDC
22-25：BDAC

Part III Reading Comprehension

26-35：GACFH NIBOE
36-45：DBFAL HCKBJ
46-55：DABAC CBDBA

Part IV Translation

In the Weifang City of Shandong Province, kites are more than toys; they are also the culturalsymbol of the city. Known as "Kite Capital of the World", Weifang has had a history of kite-flying of nearly 2,400 years. Legend has it that Mozi, an ancient Chinese philosopher, spentthree years making the first kite of the world in Weifang, but the kite fell and broke on its firstday of flying. It is also believed that the kite was invented by the ancient Chinese carpenter LuBan. It is said that his kite, made of wood and bamboo, had been flying in the sky for threedays before falling to the ground.

