参考范文：Stated-owned business or Joint venture
　　Upon graduation, virtually all college students will confront the problem of the career choice，which is truly a tough choice. Students' opinions differ greatly on this issue. Some hold that there is no better way to get a decent job than working in a stated-owned business which will guarantee my life after retirement, but others take the attitude that a joint venture outweighs any other jobs as it may provide higher income for employees.
　　As to myself, I prefer the latter view. A joint venture, especially a high-salary joint venture, exerts a tremendous fascination on a great number of people, with no exception to me. Although it might be impossible to make sure my retirement pension is good enough, high-salary is exactly what I need just now. In my view, our career choices largely depend on where we want to stay for the rest of life. For me, metropolis is the place where I can grasp loads of opportunities and achieve my personal dreams. As I hold the view that live in the moment, not the future, and also in order to finance myself in some aspects such as the transportation, the house-renting, or social activities, a joint venture can satisfy my needs for the consumption I mentioned above.
　　In short, a joint venture is the first and only consideration in my choice of career.
听力答案：
　　Section A
　　1. [A] It was dangerous to live in.
　　2. [B] A storm
　　3. [B] They were trapped in an underground elevator.
　　4. [C] They sent supplies to keep the miners warm.
　　5. [D] Close some of its post office.
　　6. [C] Stopping mail delivery on Saturdays.
　　7. [A] Many post office staff will lose their jobs.
　　Section B
　　8. [D] He will lose part of his pay.
　　9. [B] He is a trustworthy guy.
　　10.[D] She is better at handling such matters.
　　11.[C] He is always trying to stir up trouble.
　　12. [D] Reserved
　　13. [A] They stay quiet
　　14. [C] She was never invited to a colleague's home.
　　15. [B] Houses provide more privacy
　　Section C
　　16. [D] They will automatically be given hiring priority.
　　17. [C] Visit the school careers service.
　　18. [B] Supervising study spaces to ensure a quiet atmosphere.
　　19. [C] It may be sold at a higher price.
　　20. [A] It is healthier than green tee.
　　21. [D] It does not have a stable market.
　　22. [B] They prefer unique objects of high quality.
　　23. [B] They could only try to create at night.
　　24. [A] Make wise choices.
　　25. [A] To boost the local economy.
听力原文
短篇新闻2
　　Section A - 2
　　Rescue efforts were underway Thursday morning for 17 miners who were stuck in an elevator below ground at a Cargill rock salt mine near Lansing, New York, according to Marcia Lynch.
　　Public information officer with Tompkins County's emergency response department, emergency workers have made contact with the miners via a radio. And they all appear to be uninjured, said Jessica Verfuss, the emergency department's assistant director.
　　Crews have managed to provide heat packs and blankets to the miners so that they can keep warm during the rescue operation, Verfuss said. Details about what led to the workers' being trapped in the elevator went immediately available. The mine, along New York's Cayuga Lake, processes salt used for road treatment. It produces about 2 million tons of salt that is shipped to more than 1,500 places in the northeastern United States, the rock salt mine is one of three operated by Cargill with the other two in Louisiana and Ohio.
　　Q3. What does the news report say about the salt miners?
　　Q4.What did the rescue team do?
　　短篇新闻3
　　Section A - 3
　　The U.S. Postal Service announced today that it is considering closing about 3,700 post offices over the next year because of falling revenues.
　　Facing an $8.3 billion budget deficit this year, closing post officers is one of several proposals the Postal Service has put forth recently to cut costs. Last week, for example, Postmaster General Pat Donahoe announced plans to stop mail delivery on Saturdays, a move he says could save $3 billion annually.
　　"We are losing revenue as we speak," Donahoe said. "We do not want taxpayer money. We want to be self-sufficient. So like any other business you have to make choices."
　　Dean Granholm the vice president for delivery and post office operations said the first waves of closings would begin this fall. He estimated that about 3,000 postmasters, 500 station managers and between 500 and 1,000 postal clerks could lose their jobs.
　　Q5.What is the U.S. Postal Service planning to do?
　　Q6.What measure has been planned to save costs?
　　Q7.What will happen when the proposed measure come into effect?
　　长对话1&2
　　Conversation 1
　　A: Mrs. Hampton, we've got trouble in the press room this morning.
　　B: Oh dear. What about?
　　A: One of the press operators arrived an hour and a half late.
　　B: But that's a straightforward affair. He will simply lose part of his pay. That's why we have a clock-in system.
　　A: But the point is the man was clocked-in at 8 o'clock. We have John standing by the time clock, and he swears he saw nothing irregular.
　　B: Is John reliable?
　　A: Yes, he is. That's why we chose him for the job.
　　B: Have you spoken to the man who was late?
　　A: Not yet. I thought I'd have a word with you first. He's a difficult man, and I think there's been some trouble on the shop floor. I've got a feeling that trade union representative is behind this. The manager told me that Jack Green's been very active around the shop the last few days.
　　B: Well, what do you want me to do?
　　A: I was wondering if you'd see Smith, the man who was late, because you are so much better at handling things like this.
　　B: Oh, alright. I'll see him. I must say I agree with you about there being bad feelings in the works. I've had the idea for some time that Jack Green's been busy stirring things up in connection with the latest wage claim. He's always trying to make trouble. Well, I'll get the manager to send Smith up here.
　　Q8. What will happen to the press operator who was late for the work according to the woman?
　　Q9. What does the man say about John who stands by the time clock?
　　Q10. Why does the man suggest the woman see the worker who was late?
　　Q11. What does the woman say about Jack Green?
　　Conversation 2
　　A: Our topic today is about somethings that foreigners nearly always say when they visit Britain. It's 'Why are the British so cold?' And they're talking about the British personality - the famous British 'reserve'. It means that we aren't very friendly, we aren't very open.
　　B: So do you think it's true?
　　A: It's a difficult one. So many people who visit Britain say it's difficult to make friends with British people. They say we're cold, reserved, unfriendly...
　　B: I think it's true. Look at Americans or Australians. They speak the same language, but they're much more open. And you see it when you travel, people - I mean strangers - speak to you on the street or on the train. British people seldom speak on the train. Or the bus. Not in London, anyway.
　　A: 'Not in London'. That's it. Capital cities are full of tourists and are never very friendly. People are different in other parts of the country.
　　B: Not completely. I met a woman once, an Italian. She's been working in Manchester for two years,
　　and no one - not one of her colleagues - had ever invited her to their home. They were friendly to her at work, but nothing else. She couldn't believe it. She said that would never happen in Italy.
　　A: You know what they say - 'an Englishman's home is his castle'. It's really difficult to get inside.
　　B: Yeah. It's about being private. You go home to your house and your garden and you close the door. It's your place.
　　A: That's why the British don't like flats. They prefer to live in houses.
　　B: That's true.
　　Q12. What do foreigners generally think of British people according to the woman?
　　Q13. What may British people typically do one the train according to the man?
　　Q14. What does the man say about the Italian woman working in Manchester?
　　Q15. Why do British people prefer houses to flats?
　　听力篇章
　　Passage One
　　In college, time is scarce, and consequently, very precious. At the same time, expenses in college pile up surprisingly quickly. A part time job is a good way to balance costs while ensuring there is enough time left over for both academic subjects and after-class activities.
　　If you are a college student looking for a part time job, the best place to start your job search is right on campus. There are tons of on-campus job opportunities, and as a student, you'll automatically be given hiring priority. Plus, on-campus jobs eliminate commuting time, and could be a great way to connect with academic and professional resources at your university. Check with your school's career service or employment office for help to find a campus job. Of course, there are opportunities for part-time work off-campus, too. If you spend a little time digging for the right part time jobs, you'll save yourself time when you find a job that leaves you with enough time to get your school work done, too. If you are a college student looking for work but worry you won't have enough time to devote to academic subjects, consider working as a study hall or a library monitor. Responsibilities generally include supervising study spaces to ensure that a quiet atmosphere is maintained. It's a pretty easy job, but one with lots of downtime-which means you will have plenty of time to catch up on reading, do homework or study for an exam.
　　Q16: What does the speaker say about college students applying for on-campus jobs?
　　Q17: What can students do to find a campus job according to the speaker?
　　Q18: What does the speaker say is a library monitor's responsibility?
　　Passage Two
　　Agricultural workers in green tea fields near Mt. Kenya are gathering the tea leaves. It is beautiful to see. The rows of tea bushes are straight. All appears to be well. But the farmers who planted the bushes are worried. Nelson Kibara is one of them. He has been growing tea in the Kerugoya area for 40 years.
　　He says the prices this year have been so low that he has made almost no profit. He says he must grow different kinds of tea if he is to survive.
　　Mr. Kibara and hundreds of other farmers have been removing some of their tea bushes and planting a new kind of tea developed by the Tea Research Foundation of Kenya. Its leaves are purple and brown. When the tea is boiled, the drink has a purple color. Medical researchers have studied the health benefits of the new tea. They say it is healthier than green tea and could be sold for a price that is three to four times higher than the price of green tea.
　　But Mr. Kibara says he has not received a higher price for his purple tea crop.
　　He says the market for the tea is unstable and he is often forced to sell his purple tea for the same price as green tea leaves. He says there are not enough buyers willing to pay more for the purple tea.
　　Q19. Why have tea farmers in Kenya decided to grow purple tea?
　　Q20. What do researchers say about purple tea?
　　Q21. What does Mr. Kibara find about purple tea?
　　Passage Three
　　Today's consumers want beautiful handcrafted s to wear and to have for their home environment. They prefer something unique and they demand quality. Craftsmen today are meeting this demand. People and homes are showing great change as more and more unique handcrafted items become available. Handcrafts are big business. No long does a good craftsman have to work in a job he dislikes all day and then try to create at night. He has earned his professional status. He is now a respected member of society. Parts of the fun of being a craftsman is meeting other craftsmen. They love to share their ideas and materials and help others find markets for their work. Craftsmen have helped educate consumers to make wise choices. They help them become aware of design and technique. They help them relate their choice to its intended use. They often involve consumers in trying the craft themselves. When a group of craftsmen expends to include more members, a small craft organization is formed. Such an organization does a lot in training workshops in special media, craft marketing techniques, craft fairs and sales, festivals, TV appearances and demonstrations. State art councils help sponsor local arts and crafts festivals which draw crowds of tourist consumers. This boosts the local economy considerably because tourists not only buy crafts, but they also use the restaurants and hotels and other services of the area.
　　Q22. What does the speaker say about today's consumers?
　　Q23. What does the speaker say about a good craftsman in the past?
　　Q24. What do craftsmen help consumers do?
　　Q25. Why do state art councilshelp sponsor local arts and crafts festivals?

阅读答案：
Part III Reading Comprehension (40 minutes)
　　Section A
　　26. E) challenge
　　空前主语为A new study，故此处应选一个动词第三人称单数作谓语，符合的词有E) challenges, M) suggests, 和 N) tastes，根据空后questioning，得出该空应填E) challenges 挑战，质疑。
　　27. J) searched
　　search for 为固定搭配，意为"寻找，搜索"，所给词汇中只有J) searched符合题意。
　　28. D) categorizing
　　空前是介词for，空后为名词brains，再根据后面的内容as "male" or "female"，初步判断该空应该填入动词的-ing形式。浏览选项，只有D)和H) 符合。根据搭配及语义，D)为答案，categorizing...as... 意为"把......分为......"。
　　29. K) similarities
　　根据空前的句子 "there are some gender-based..."，该空应填入名词复数形式。浏览选项，E), K), N)符合。再根据句意及空格后的句子"不同类型的大脑并不一直由性别区分"，该空应填入K) similarities "相似之处"。
　　30. L) slightly
　　空格前为be动词were，后为形容词different，很显然该空的词是来修饰different的，因此应填入副词。结合文意可知，虽然普通男性和普通女性的大脑差别很小，但是通过查看脑部扫描光片也没法对其进行区分。slightly为副词，意为"轻微地，稍微"，所以应填入L)。
　　31. G) percentage
　　空格前为形容词small，后为of people，因此应填入名词。结合文意可知，只有一小部分人具备"完全男性"或"完全女性"的特征。percentage意为"百分比"，a small percentage of...意为"一小部分"，所以应填入G)。
　　32. O) traditional
　　该空后为名词beliefs, 因此，该空应填入一个形容词，根据文意可知，很多研究都是在质疑"人们对于性别和大脑功能之间关系的传统理解"，因此，该处应选O) traditional传统的。
　　33. I)regardless
　　该空考查短语regardless of的含义。根据"他警告不要轻易给出以下结论：所有的大脑都是一样的，不论性别"可知，该空应填入I)regardless, 构成短语regardless of，意为"不管，不顾"。
　　34. H) proving
　　a mountain of evidence意为"大量的证据"，proving为现在分词作后置定语修饰evidence。
　　35. M) suggests
　　该句中，the study为主语，that引导的宾语从句作宾语，故此空应填入一个动词来作谓语，结合上下文，应选suggests，意为"暗示，表明"。
　　Section B
　　36. [I]对应关键词jamming attacks, 和equipment and skill在I段落中同时出现了两个关键词。
　　37. [D]对应关键词wireless security system, 和conversation在原文中有复现.
　　38. [J] 选项中wireless security system,和triggering the alarm可以在J选项中找到对应.
　　39. [F]SimpliSafe, 大写名词很好定位，在加上复现的distinguish，radio interference可以锁定选项F。
　　40. [B]根据small proportion可以确定唯一的选项B
　　41. [H]对应关键词keeps changing
　　42. [C]对应关键词transmit signals, 和activate.
　　43. [K]根据选项different measures只在K段落中出现了。
　　44. [G]选项cellphones是最关键的定位词，可以在G选项中找到复现。
　　45. [E]选项frequent对应了段落的frequency。
　　Section C
　　Passage One
　　46. [B] He intends to get rid of the tipping practice.
　　根据题目中的Bill Perry这个专有名词，我们可以定位到文中的第一段话。在But后面有提到"我能告诉你我喜欢这个小伙子。因为他打算禁止付小费这种情况，而赞成给服务员实际的工资"。B选项和这句话的含义接近，get rid of意为"摆脱"，和ban"禁止"含义相近;plan to和intend to含义一样。所以正确答案为B.
　　47. [C] It forces the customer to compensate the waiter.根据题干中的关键词the author hates tipping和main reason可以返回原文，定位到第三段。文中说"我讨厌它，因为它将义务伪装成一种选择。"既然是义务，那必然是强迫顾客去做的事情，这和C选项的含义较为接近。
　　48. [D] They can have some say in how much their servers earn.
　　根据关键词many people love tipping返回原文，我们可以定位至第四段。根据文中第二行的You like to feel that you have a voice in how much money your server makes.可知，这题应该选择D选项。
　　49. [A] Services quality has little effect on tip size.
　　文中问的是调查中一些服务员的观点，这在第五段的最后一句话中有所体现，文中说：一些服务员不认为他们的工作会受到收到的消费的影响。
　　50. [D] Waiters should be paid by employers instead of customers.
　　本题问作者的观点，切记文中无人认领的观点便是作者的观点。在第六段的末尾有提到说，作者支持Bill Perry的观点，而Bill的观点就和D选项是近义表达。
　　Passage Two
　　51. [C] The impact of cheap oil on global economic growth.
　　本题是主旨题，原文第一段表示"过去油价下降总是刺激世界经济增长，但是即使现在油价下降越来越多，最新对经济增长的预测却不容乐观，这意味着更低的油价和增长之间的关系削弱了吗?"这第一段点明了主题，后面的段落都是在讨论油价下降为什么以前可以刺激经济增长，而现在却不再能刺激经济增长了。可以看出是C是正确答案。
　　52. [D] Consumers will spend their savings from cheap oil on other commodities.
　　解析：根据原文第二段 "some experts say there are still good reasons to...They spend that money on other things, which stimulates the economy"，可以看出是D正确选项。
　　53. [C] They use their money reserves to back up consumption.
　　解析：根据原文第三段中"draw on their reserves to support government spending and subsidies for their consumers"，可以看出C是正确选项。
　　54. [B] Its negative effects more than cancel out its positive effects.
　　解析：根据原文第五段中"the negative effects of plunging oil prices are overwhelming the positive effects of cheaper oil"可以看出B是正确选项。
　　55. [C] Oil importers account for a larger portion of the global economy.
　　解析：根据原文第六段中"so the nations suffering from the price drop account for a larger share of the global economy"，可以看出是C正确选项。
翻译原文：在中国文化中，红色通常象征着好运、长寿和幸福，在春节和其他喜庆场合，红色到处可见。人们把现金作为礼物送给家人或亲密朋友时，通常放在红信封里。红色在中国流行的另一个原因是人们把它与中国革命和共产党相联系。然而，红色并不总是代表好运与快乐。因为从前死者的名字常用红色书写，用红墨水写中国人名被看成是一种冒犯行为。
　　参考译文：
　　The color of red in Chinese culture usually means good luck, longevity and happiness. Red can be found everywhere during Chinese Spring Festival and other joyous occasions. Cashes often in red envelopes are sent to family members or close friends as gifts. Its popularity can also be attributed the fact that people accociate it with Chinese revolution and Communist Party. However, it does not always equal to good luck and joy in that the name of the dead used to be written in red. Using red ink to write names of Chinese people were seen as an offense.



